so today
is going to be basically an entire
rebuild of the assembly so let's see
where did I stop I think I streamed all
of the build of this basically we have
let's just get Fusion
open basically we have the pitch
assembly and it's full
[Music]
360 however there's not nearly enough
torque if you touch that thing at all
if you touch that phone holder at all it
stops and it can't get started again so
I made a
little drawing well whatever we'll we
don't need to look at that but I I have
an idea for the redesign and I thought
it would be a good idea to just build
everything from scratch to start totally
over because there's a few improvements
that I want to make oh there we go oh
crap
okay so
one Improvement I'd really like to make
is to remove the need of supports in the
bottom plate um the other thing is I
need to make it much
bigger so I am going
to I'm going to just make a new project
okay
so
um how do we want to do this maybe I'll
just try to do this all in
one file as opposed to making a
different file for every
um okay so we have our bottom plate
you're going to make this 250 which is
huge but so be it so actually
um can I
assign or plate
uh but if I do that and then I go to my
parameters
no the see why why does it let you say
something equal to that if that just is
totally
ignored it's such a pain to add a
parameter I don't know why they make it
so hard to add a parameter
H that's so
lame but whatever
um let's just do
this um
okay um now we just want to extrude this
by
three and then here oh wait but
actually no yeah okay so then we're
going to Define probably down here on
the
bottom make this
247 oh wait wait uh uh let's let's I
want to do this right so let's do change
parameters again
and then we're going to do another one
and this is going to be W thick we're
just going to make this three and so
then we're going to do this and this is
going to be
plate plate minus
wall okay then we want to extrude this
by and now this we need to this we know
okay so now all right let's get back to
our parameter
I think I should just do s
per okay and then
um yeah so
stepper
uh
depth 48 I just remember that off the
top of my
head um Zer oh dep
dep uh then
stepper
width this is like 42.3 two or something
like that
um okay so let's just extrude this by
okay so now we get
into sort of the more complicated part
of this because the new
design is we are going to have the motor
off axis
somewhere and then we're going to have a
uh okay so we also need
to oh maybe we want to make this initial
Extrusion a little bit
thicker let's just do this right now
do this I
V2
uh I don't know what I don't know what
to call this
things for
oh that's
nice oh I want to find out what's new
what's new
lame
okay
what I I think that's not even
accurate yeah control P doesn't do
anything I really want that to uh
I don't know what a ring selection is
oh I read product design
online this guy's sick hey there it's
Kevin Kennedy and welcome to episode
number one of fusion Fridays by the end
of this video you'll know how to create
custom keyboard shortcuts in Fusion 360
to get started you'll first want to make
sure that you have the latest version of
fusion 360 if there is a new update
available you should see a number next
to the time clock here then if you click
on the drop down it will prompt you to
update to the latest version restarting
Fusion in the process to check your
version number you can go to help click
about and a MoDOT will pop up stating
the version number and the type of
account you have so to create custom
shortcuts you'll need at least version
2.43 43 Now to create custom keyboard
shortcuts it's pretty simple all you
have to do is hover over the right side
of the command until you see the more
options icon which is the three vertical
dots then if we click the more options
icon you'll notice that change keyboard
shortcuts is now available after change
keyb shortcuts you'll be prompted with a
dialog box to create a new one all you
have to do is type in a letter that's so
sick so
um where is it again oh here it
is to shortcuts change keyboard shortcut
can we just make
this okay that's
sick big hack
uh what oh there we
go okay
so
um okay so I'll just say before what I
had is I did this where I have like a
circle here and then you make this 10
and you make
uh this and then
um this uh and we'll make it kind of as
far as we can
so um
um oh uh
sorry that's not bad maybe we can change
this a little
bit maybe we can do
this okay so now the idea
was uh that we have these pillars and
they go around the the edge in a
circular pattern
but I am
wondering
if but we want instead and I'll just do
this really quickly here we want let's
make a rectangle and let's make it
um 20 20 seems like a
lot 20 and then this needs to be oh no
it probably does need to
be about that big at
least and then the idea was that you
have this 10
here and then make this like five oh no
you can't make that five you have to
make that like
7.5 and this will
be
10 and then you have um oh wait so I
kind of messed this up what I meant to
do is Let's ignore this circle so you
extrude this like
three oh wait uh it only has to be two
actually because it doesn't really need
to withand that much weight but I also
want a couple of circles here and we can
make these let's see how big we make the
other ones so so in our original design
which is
this we are looking for and I don't know
what screws I actually or what
self-tapping screws I actually
own oh God if I update this this whole
thing is going to [__] this is a good
thing we're starting over
um okay yeah so let's disable these
Fasteners and then we want to find the
diameter of this this
is
1.5 okay so let's just make it
1.5 can we do that
yeah that seems
fine H you got to be kidding
me okay now we want to
extrude
this by
two okay
now we draw in
here and we need to get the pillar
height correct
so for right now I'll just make
it
19 can I do this
but that locks it onto
there which I didn't exactly
want I forgot
okay
three yeah that's
enough
okay so the idea is that you put four of
these parts
in um so that you avoid the need of
uh supports
but okay maybe we could just make it
like Okay so what we
want is before we do any of this we can
undo this
sketch or actually
wait instead of this can we change it I
don't think you can change it it's kind
of annoying
how do we want to do this let's
um yeah let's delete this
sketch okay
wait delete didn't work at all what the
heck okay so
um let's just do insert
component p
so we want to place
this oops did I rotate it
no
wait okay so yeah we want place this
like 2.5
and then this we want to be that
um our um plate
Dam over
minus
20 okay so now we have pillar but now
what we want to do is do a combine
and do a
cut and then I want keep
tools okay so now if I disable pillar we
have the indent here the only thing here
is that we need to take
these and we want to extrude
them the this
way
all okay so now these two
things we we need the circular
pattern and we want to make it this and
we need four of them
if we look from the top that doesn't
look right at
all
somehow okay so oh
wait wait
undo no wait no no
redo we need to
also wait I don't
know I don't know why the cut doesn't
happen
too that's kind of
weird wait you would think that this
all right whatever I guess you can't do
that
so
oops okay so yeah why is this
why can't I edit this
thing okay fine let's just do it a
different way so this needs to be what
did I say 20 by
20 then this needs to
be midpoint oh wait that's damn it okay
no
um wait I should do Center rectangle
okay you move this now wait you don't
get a center point is that is that
really what's going on right
now okay
okay now
um this needs to be plate
diam over two - 25 or
something okay
okay so wait so now what do we want to
do we want to extrude this
down but we also want the
holes so let's draw the
holes it's annoying that we
can't I don't know the circular pattern
thing didn't work so whatever
oh I could have probably just
um well
whatever okay mirror
this circle across this mirror line H
why do I keep doing
that okay so now we want to extrude this
minus5 or something like pretty minimal
just like a couple layers to oh wait we
made it three thick right so we could do
one and then these
guys extrude
Okay cool so
now we want to circular pattern
this and then I don't know how this is
going to work out
okay at least these are aligned
now okay now if
we now we insert a component and we add
the
pillar and we um
oh yeah but um
H that's okay we just need to
so this is right but we need to make a
parameter um pillar indent depth and
this is
one okay
so um so when we go back
into this
Extrusion we're going to change this to
be where's our little thing
minus pillar indent
depth okay now what I want to
do is I want a circular
pattern features components and we want
this component and then we want this
axis
okay let's see how that does okay so
that's that's
correct so again this is one of these
things that seems to come up in building
these 3D part you know whatever
assemblies
is you make a tradeoff
of hold
on basically how much assembly are you
willing to put up with because this is
going to add eight self tapping screws
to the assembly process which is
like pretty annoying
it but
whatever
um okay so what's next what's next is we
need
we need to figure
out the gears I guess so I'm just going
to open up a new
file
okay
so
2 10
and
.5 is a
lot gear thickness we can probably make
this five make that
zero pitch diameter is 20 okay so let's
do
that let's do this again
this is going to
be
40 okay so what is the name of the very
outermost diameter called it's not the
pitch diameter
okay so this needs to
move what did the pitch diameter say was
40 need move
20 oh 40 + 10 it is
50 okay then the road
rotation needs to
be 360 over 40 just 9 over two
4.5
yeah so let's do the math though so it's
360 over 40 over
2 okay so you can see that these mesh
pretty good and the distance between
here is probably about 0.2
or whatever because that's the backlash
we set for both of
those
um so
anyways if I want to draw a circle on
here and I want it to go to here
right what is the name of that
I manage the
transition how do you manage the
transition between values to create a
smooth
gradient that's a deep
question also I don't know even why
you're asking me that but that's a deep
question I think
risky risking
it
okay so um what do I want to do I wanted
to
um okay
um I wanted to
um yeah what is the name of the outer
diameter of a gear I know that there is
pitch diameter or
the
spur but what is the outer diameter
called is it just called the outer
diameter
yeah okay
so wait can we do this again I'm going
to do this again with no backlash
cuz Okay so let's just try this again
spurg
uh 2 10
0.5 5
Z okay then a new
one okay uh
40 okay move
here
50 and then a rotation of 180 over
okay so
now let's do the motion L I think
you oh wait I think you do an as built
joint
right and this is a revolute
joint with
this let's do this
gear
um let's play that again
wait but this thing also needs to
turn
huh that's funny oh
oops I don't think I'm doing this right
um
please just get to the freaking Point h
hello and welcome to Fusion fundamentals
with me today we're going be having a
look at how to create these spas that
interact so you can see if I grab you
can see them moving nicely together
going go through the St how to quickly
generate thear and how to get them to
interact stay tuned
see oh do you have to do two rigid and
then link and addings script and adding
and
addings 12
move you want
with
[Music]
that and I'll zoom in
on now we Revol joint we'll select the
two components them both
and position and we can see is moving
all the I can say see
scen
[Music]
noten right okay the same time they're
both revolving at the same speed but I
know that this one 12 should be
revolving twice as fast so let's change
this one to
180 it's other way
around stop to 180 and we can see that
this one's revolving at half the screen
it's in the wrong direction we know this
24 will dve the 12 in the other
direction so we can check see all right
so that's fine we don't really need to
do
that we don't really need to do that so
let's just cancel that
um okay but we do want to know is and I
actually want
to when I did the move where's the move
I thought the move would be
um oh maybe the move is in here
no that's kind of weird well anyways um
the distance between here and here it
should
be so
the wait this is weird
okay there we go okay so this is 24 and
the reason it's 24 is because
the
it's right it's because that it's this
um distance from this circle so can we
get this
circle so if we were to draw the
distance between these
two it should be
like two so that means that it's 20 + 2
* 2 which is
24 um so then in this case we had
50 right so or no in this case we had
a pitch diameter of 80 so then we should
have 84 right so if we were to finish
sketch then draw a sketch on here
oh what the
hell dude what the
hell
okay yeah 84 so then that means that the
distance
between the outers is going to
be well no but there is overlap so
okay so you kind of have to take in the
O the outer diameter and the pitch
diameter
because you can't have the tooth hit the
pillar okay so let me think about how
deep keep the okay so the shaft all
right
so kind of multiple things going on at
once so the first thing is that if we
were to
just construct offset plane from here or
from this plane
actually why isn't this
working is 15 no this is not right
right no you
want uh I I guess it's um it's going to
be
um oh I guess we
need in pillar we want to define a
parameter yeah make making good
parameters and like putting them in the
right places is such a challenging thing
so this is is two I
believe so it's going to be 1 plus the
total height and the Extrusion height
was 19 I
believe oh that's the wrong
Extrusion yeah so 19 so it's going to be
20 total so if we just make this oh we
need to change
this 20
but 20 is not enough we're going to need
to change this so we want to make this
parametric but for right
now why am I doing this why am I'm I'm
doing this is I want a new component and
I want to call this uh top
plate and I want to draw a sketch on
this construction plane that we just
made which is this
okay and then I just want
to think
about let's go to that UNS
video um I just want to see you make the
Hub again
these features to the other side of the
hole to B because I don't know what
drove the thickness here
because we kind of want to make
it
well let's see we kind of want to make
it as thin as possible because we don't
want well we're just trying to reduce
the form factor of the thing so maybe we
should just make some educated
guesses um
so I'm going to go back to this bottom
plate
and here I think I should be able to
calculate everything out actually
so we're going to make a construction
Circle this is going to be if we're
going to do a 4 to1 gear ratio which I
think we're going to do we want to make
this
80 okay and
then so if we make that 80
so that
is
this so the yeah so for them to be
perfectly matched this is tangent so if
you take these two construction curves
this is actually tangent and it only
connects at one point so uh so that's
good so that means
that we should be able to draw another
Circle here that's
um is it 20 it's 20 20 and then this is
not a construction Circle so let's
remove that this and
this are going to be
horizontal and then did we get that okay
we did
um and then I could just Define this to
be 80 + 20 but I I'm curious if I can do
a tangency thing okay yeah so you can do
that so that that that makes this the
driving primer so if we wanted to change
this to be a gear ratio of six which
would be 120 then this comes out again
and maybe we should do that 6 to
one
um how high can we go can we get even a
7 to one we can get a 7 to1 gear ratio
in
here I mean you want you want high
torque it's not going to move very fast
but I don't think that really
matters so maybe we'll do a we probably
can't get an 8 to1 gear ratio in
here yeah cuz then we overlap
um with the pillar okay so let's go back
to so let's just Define a
parameter
uh uh y gear
and then this is not millimet
it's oh wow they have a lot of units
it's no units and it's
seven um yeah let's let's do that I'm
down to just max it out just because I
really want this to be so this is going
to
be
um so wait so what what parameters do we
want
let's make this this times y gear
ratio so this is the driving
thing but that's kind of not what we
want but it it's it's fine at least
there there's more parameters than there
was before okay so now we want to
extrude this oh but we don't want this
to be 20 20 is just the pitch Dam of the
gear but we actually want a hole here
that
um I I believe it's I need to add this
parameter I I did this on the stream a
couple days ago but let's open up our
stepper let's open up the separ and we
want to
know believe it's this circle this is 22
so we we do 22 with one of clearance I
believe maybe it's 22.5 we can check in
here
um how big is this hole turn off the
stepper click on this this is 23 okay
yeah so that's
good so we are going to draw a circle
here that is
23 and it's not a construction line
oops
okay so this is this is a construction
line so now we want to take this and we
want to strw
it I'm going need to go
down and we could say wall thick but
maybe we should just do all I don't
really
know I haven't really delved into like
what is the right way to do
that oh but you know what we actually
need to think about can we oh yeah cuz
there's going to be screws going down in
there we probably don't have the
clearance for that that so if I were to
insert
component um
[Music]
stepper hopefully that doesn't in oh
yeah see we don't want that can we let's
undo this activate
this insert component is there a
keyboard shortcut for that we should
probably just do that
um just control I I probably it's not
like VSS code does control I do anything
all right insert component is control I
oops I want to get fast at this [__] you
know okay
so
stepper okay so let's just drag down
oops that's not the right
down this in
here what the hell why can't I edit
these this is like so Random
fine okay that's fine so now we just
need to
join and then we want to join
oh actually you know what I think what
I'm supposed to do is I'm supposed to do
this and go from
there see that's down oh wait you know
what we should do it from
here from wait is this right I'm going
to do it on this thing but we need to
offset it can't I offset it
oh you do the offset after I guess okay
so then we want to do it
here and then it should move the whole
thing I wish you could play the motion
of how it moved it so if I do
this okay so that's fine we just need to
make the
offset we need this to be I think
it's oh yeah so we need to add a
parameter here it's um
so to the bottom it's
24 maybe it's
23 so we need to inspect click on this
face and then we need to click on this
face oh
[__] this face and then this face and
that's 24 so pillar height or uh shaft
height is
24 so we're going to do this this shaft
height 24 okay
so now when we go to this joint and we
do this offset this needs to be shaft
height minus shaft height okay so now
that is good but do we have conflict as
the
issue we are actually good that's sweet
this is
perfect so that's exactly what we want
and if we look at it from this front
view you can't see it because there is
probably if we click on this and we
click on this there's a 2 mm Gap so
we're good there and I did that math
correctly all right so we're making
progress here
um so now what we need to do is we need
our
Hub and gear
and then oh yeah and then I I I I want
to add a parameter for this really
quickly I believe it's 15 but I would
like to make sure of that okay so let's
do uh
uh let's do
um D oh you can't capitalize oh yeah you
can D
height D shaft Notch height and this is
okay
so the reason to do that is uh why do I
want to do that is I want to make sure
that the set screw like depending on how
thick I make the gear in the hub
um is it called a hub I don't even know
what it's
called what is a
hub I'm make oh you got to be kidding
me so
annoying um okay let's just
disable this
okay hold on sorry I have to do some
random thing
um okay um
okay um I need to text my aunt really
quickly
okay uh now I need a freaking
authentication code all
[Music]
right okay
okay so what was I what did I even want
to
ask all right oh yeah is um The Hub
that's stupid I I don't care about that
so let's let's
build okay so this should already have a
rotational thing right
hold on can we make sure that this I
feel like there's a grounding issue here
somewhere yeah see this is not the one
that's supposed to turn I'm I always
mess that up but if you look at
stepper it's because no but the motor is
grounded the shaft is the one that's
supposed to
turn oh you know what I'm actually silly
goose when we ch when we do
this yeah wait hold on can we just undo
all
this okay let's um I think what you're
supposed to do is the rigid joint needs
to be
on this
guy and then hold on let's get this
right front
okay I believe that that's all that we
need so now I should be able to turn
this yeah so see now that turns okay
cool the joint is correct now and then I
should be able to
go go to home position
okay oh see oh there is some revert
position Capt okay that's nice I didn't
know about that all right so let's build
this
Hub
um yes
so but this is going to be a problem
because we
well uh okay well let's
um I forget how he does it I think he
does so let's activate this
component dude why does it always go to
the wrong place that's so [__]
annoying okay so I believe we need
this um or do we need
wait how come I can't latch onto that
sketch point I mean I know the radius of
it so it's fine but this needs to
be oh no it needs to be
this and then why isn't this locked in
place
here bro this and this are coincident or
tangent okay there you go and so now we
want to extrude this
by uh 24 is that right that seems
high that seems really
high but no no no no it's going to be
maybe we should build it right onto here
let's try to do
that usually I avoid the complexity of
that but I feel like we just got to
hunker down and okay so what do I want
to do I don't want to actually do new
component because I just want to shift s
and then build this SP gear in
here okay so this going to be a module
of two 10 teth
backlash is this going to bite me in the
ass if I don't put a backlash in
here what's a good backlash if I'm 3D
printing
gears let's just ask see what it is
probably .2 it's usually some simple
ratio of the nozle diameter
yeah I mean smaller is better let's do
0.15 gear thickness five and then whole
diameter of
zero that's probably
good oh and I want to actually
check what is is the height from here to
here this is three but it I don't think
it should be three I think we've messed
this up CU you can see this kind of Gap
here oh right yeah we need to move this
up by two so when we
[Music]
e
okay is my stream
back yeah I guess I am back
okay so yeah so this right so now the
height between here and here should be
one okay okay so that means that the
height from here to here should be 23 oh
wait it's going to be 24 minus 3 it's
going to be 21 yeah
okay so let's just focus on the gear
and now we want to draw a sketch on
here we want to draw a circle to
here it doesn't give me tangency which
is kind of weird but we select this and
then we select that wait hold on let's
undo this draw a circle like
this let me do
this this and we give it a tangent
constraint then we extrude this
let's see how much we want to extrude it
by oh and you know what we could do
let's see what
um wait where's the coupler oh let's
just isolate can we activate this thing
why can't we activate
it let's hide the top plate and I just
want to see the diameter of
this
5.4 yeah that's that's
good um so so in this
sketch let's make a
5.4 yeah see we have like no room
because this is 15 there's only 10
here and we might be able to get away
with
this okay so we want to extrude this
by
21 okay I I say I just do
this right
now even though there's just no reason
it needs to be that long cuz I'm just
toying
around
um okay so how did he do this okay so he
started off
with okay he drew a rectangle here and
then I forget what dimensions I need so
let me open up my
new thing I'm pretty sure it's four but
even that had a little bit of play in it
because we're going to be putting m5s in
here so this is
8x4 I'm fine with that so let's
do
4.2 oh really
um you can't do a horizontal you can't
can you do midpoint you can't do
midpoint so you need a construction line
here oh wait um oh and he makes it five
that's right I forgot about that
actually I haven't built this part in a
long time so then this and this point
get midpoints so yeah so this is way too
big or
small okay so we need to go back to this
and think about what kind
of pitch diameter we can get here
because okay so what is the minimum
pitch diameter that we can that we can
get we need
uh if we go back into this sketch then
this sketch right this is the one that I
care about so we need five we need nine
but we actually need more than that
because what is the distance between
here do we get a does it tell me the
distance not really
oops let's do this and make an
X so that's 10
so we need but then we need
10 plus some because we need to be able
to get
the we need 10 we probably need 12 or 13
so that means that we need like
a not a pitch diameter but the inner
diameter let's see what's the inner
diameter called
it's probably just called the in
M spurt gear
diagram here we go this is probably a
good um watch it be like 240p
okay whatever it's good enough
so wait but we don't why isn't there a
name
for this radius
is
RBG oh root diameter there you go root
diameter it's called The Root
[Music]
diameter okay so the root so the that's
the root diameter needs to be 13 so it
probably needs to be
30 wait
30 yeah could we make it 30 and
see so let's go back to this and make
another
gear this one
with oh wait not
NS spur run okay so we need
to we need to make
this
um if we make it 20 what kind of gear
ratio do we get cuz this gives us
40 which means
which means this to here is 35 so we
could probably get away with
less because 35 will definitely be able
to right if we
um draw a line that's construction line
from here make it five
five okay then we make a oh wait we need
wait did we do this right I don't think
that's right because
oh that is right
okay let go back to here let's make it
5.4 okay then we need a rectangle
here and then this needs to be a oops do
RX
rectangle midpoint
okay
4.2 it's a little generous
8.2 okay then we want to extrude this
down oh we forgot to do the Extrusion
that's sucks but yeah so that gives us
plenty plenty plenty of room so maybe
I'll just make
it 15 it's annoying that you that that
gears aren't parametric like they like I
wish they were I think anel's has a
video where he says how to do
that where you manually make the tooth
profile and circularly pattern it but
like I don't
really I don't really want to do that
just cuz the extra work I feel like if I
just get this down it'll be fine so why
don't
we undo this but we need
our we need our parameters to
change
because yeah so that gear ratio
parameter will need to
change let me get a pen and paper and
figure this out
so
um so yeah okay so what what can we get
away with is sort of the question let's
just finish this sketch go back to here
and then which sketch is it that I
really want to look
at it's not this it's where this hole
gets placed it's probably this
yeah okay so we can get away with
70 plus 20 really the distance to here
from
here is 100
so but but actually we're Bound by the
distance
between this
point this circle which we could project
in here
presumably oh that's so [__] okay
project that
and then let's draw a line X down to
here
okay so we're Bound by the distance
between this and the center
point oh can I make can I make sure this
is correct though do we have uh I don't
think we
do okay so
um all right so let's just make sure
that
these I hate how slow it is okay so this
is all locked in place we're good there
so basically I'm Bound by the distance
between here and here and it has to be
oh and we never actually checked that
this was accurate so the width here is
42.3 okay so I'm a God and I memorized
that so so for so this needs to be at
least uh
42.3 2 over
2+ uh 0.75 but realistically that's with
zero clearance
so what is that
value 42.3 2/ 2 +
0.75 okay so it needs to be at least 22
and what is it
now
25 okay so then we're kind of we're in
Kind of Perfect here so yeah we
want 10 + 70 so we need it to be
80 uh
okay
great okay so what we want
is a gear
pair with maximum r
ratio where the
smaller uh has a
root
diameter
of
of around 30 so we had like
35 and that was kind of big
right so this is 35 right
yeah so this is
overkill so let's just try
again so that was with what 20 gears
yeah so let's do
uh split the difference
15 so the pitch diameter is
30 okay so that this might be
perfect oh and it's it's over the same
thing
so yeah I think we're going to go with
this okay so we're going to make it
15 but the pitch diameter is 30 so that
means that we won't be able to
that means that we won't be able to
um
use this okay so if we have 15
gears can we only get a three to one is
that what I'm hearing
okay I'm trying to come up with
it the teeth counts for a gear pair
where the small where I want the maximum
ratio
possible where the sum of the pitch
diams is um what is it 140 is
um and I and a mo and both have a module
of two and the pitch and the uh in the
root diameter
this is the diameter of the central hole
in
the no yeah that's that's not what the
hell I was talking about the root
diameter of the smaller gear
is at least
25 is that right yeah help okay so that
that's let's see
okay so 15 is what I
had for the pitch diameter right
yeah right so this needs to be 130 okay
so
65 okay so this is going to
be
15 65 okay
so let's try
that I'm just going to do it in a new
one because I'm
dumb 2 15
0.5
5 run it back 65 okay what's the ratio
there
the gear ratio doesn't need to be
integer I think
right I'm pretty sure the gear ratio
does not need to be a
ratio okay so let's um move this
guy um
okay let's do this this is going to be
um 65
right oh no plus uh 15 right
80 and then
oops then I'm kind of surprised that
these mesh cuz I thought I had to rotate
them but
whatever
um okay
so we're all
good
okay I'm sort of fine with
this okay so we need to change the gear
we need
to we need to undo like a lot of
this um okay let's finish
sketch what is this this is all okay
yeah so this is all
nonsense so's just start
undoing I kind of wonder that geometry
but that's
fine we can definitely remove all of
this oh yeah that stinks
okay that is going to be placed in the
same spot okay so we can just actually
edit this so
this
20 is going to be 30
now right and then this is not a it's
not going to be a function of that it's
just going to
be 65 *
2 and then we need to actually go in and
change our this and I just want to
delete
this okay cool
very
nice uh okay so let's insert the gear
now so yeah so
25.15
0 okay now we're going to activate this
and we are going to draw sketch on
here first we're going to draw our
Circle then we're going to make this
circle and
this
tangent okay then we're going to extrude
this by and what did we say it's going
to be 24 minus the wall thickness which
is
21 oh wait but we forgot to
do this which is
5.4
finish edit the Extrusion to not
include
that okay now we're getting
somewhere so now we want a line that's a
construction line that goes out from
here horizontally by five now we want a
rectangle here that's not a construction
that's here and this is going to
be uh 4.2 and
8.2 and then this and this are
midpoint and then is that enough room
you
think I think that's fine okay now we
want to extrude this but I forget how
much you extrude it
by let's let's just go back and check I
don't want to watch the video again
let's finish this sketch then we want to
go to not this
Extrusion not this Extrusion oh wait
maybe it was that
Extrusion yeah it's definitely that
Extrusion 10 10 is probably a little
aggressive oh yeah hold
on sorry hold on I got to I got to
m
e
e e
part yet like the SL the slippering
design I haven't thought out but I did
the drawings this just the on paper
drawings of how this pitch and yaw with
gears will work and that's the next
feature is just getting the gears cuz
the
problem now are you G have the pitch 360
is it necessary for the thing to spin
all the way around well no I I don't
really care about that anymore I thought
it would be cool but now given all the
problems I'm running to I don't really
care anymore but yeah in this next
design there's nothing preventing it
from doing full
360 um well then the gear though that's
going to do the pitch has to be not a
segmented gear but it has to be a full
uh yeah like on a like they keep
bringing up the Paris wheel that's kind
of what they do they have a basically
though what they have is they have a
um they have a piece of flat plate
that's goes around the entire uh wheel
and then they have a couple of Motors
that with tires on them and that's how
they uh they Propel the thing um or they
might actually have a gear assembly it
sounds like a planetary gear type of
thing well I don't think it's planet
planet it's more of just a
a ring gear with a sper oh yeah uhhuh
right but there's M there's multiple of
them to distribute the load right no
because the there is no load on that the
load's carried at the shop oh the load's
carried where it pivots at the uh with
bearings there uh there's no the only oh
wait I'm not thinking of a I'm not
thinking of a ferris wheel I'm thinking
of something else um I'm thinking of
those things that spin around yeah okay
wait hold on right I see what you
mean yeah because all the uh the only
thing that the motor is doing when you
have a gear down at the that goes around
either a segmented gear it's just
providing the force that creates the the
torque or the moment right no there's no
there's there's nothing else on that
because everything's carried at the uh
where the
Sha is that's the I call it the Yoke
that you're going to put the phone in or
whatever the
thing where that thing pivots that's if
you have bearing there that's that's um
where you know you you are going to have
uh stress but the uh the motor that's at
the base that's going to Pivot it with a
segmented gear that one just uh the only
thing there is you're just transmitting
a force that creates a torque right okay
I yeah no I I I think that's a good idea
is to only use that part of a gear so
that you limit the range of motion to
not full 360 but you can get a better
ratio um but but at first I'm probably
just because it's so easy to make
because the fusion has that tool to make
Spur Gears so the first thing I'm going
to the Pro the biggest problem though is
that adding these gears well just in
this next this current iteration the uh
the footprint of the thing has gone from
125 mm to 250 mm but it wouldn't it it
doesn't need to increase the footprint
you're doing it all the way around you
would just have a thing that sticks out
you don't need to have you're not
putting a record on here so why create
that have that Disc Go the same uh
diameter all the way around you just
need a little piece that the motor's
going to rount on yeah you can cut all
this you can cut all that out that's uh
that's unnecessary
uh does that make sense uh have thing
that the motor mounts on and then cut
away all the other stuff you don't need
all the other stuff oh uhhuh right cuz
what what I have right now is right
there's there's basically a hollow
cylinder and then I have the the motor
mounted on the inside of that
cylinder but you're saying put it on the
outside of the cylinder but there's just
something to mount onto
it well first of all that motor the
design that Tim's looking at has your
motor mount on the
AIS you're getting away from that you're
going to mount the motor down at the
bottom of the disc and you're going to
have a segmented gear that that motor
drives that causes it to rotate what do
you mean at the bottom at the bottom the
motor is going to be mounted at the
bottom on the
disc and then on your Yoke the part
that you just mold a segment onto that
or attach a segment of the gear on that
wait are we we're talking about the yaw
assembly right now right no we're
talking about the oh oh I was confused I
thought okay because right now the gear
see the Y where let's see the the yaw
okay wait all yeah see I'm okay I'm on
my old design now so if
you if you turn the thing over you see
there is
a
um there there's a motor right this is
the yaw assembly there's only one motor
in this design we're looking at right
yeah wait wait are you guys looking at
the same design we should rotating the
design that you're saying let's see I
believe so assembly from Top plate oh no
oh yeah so don't yeah so that's the
pitch assembly but go back to what is it
called assembly 2 or something what is
it called Bas tracker shared it's so
hard to manage yeah go to assembly 2
yeah okay yeah I see that you just
joined okay so referen is out of date
okay wait yeah I I I need to update that
too but I think that this might mess up
a whole bunch of stuff let's see what
happens because this could be really
bad I was afraid to do this but let's
see what because the problem is I
updated top plate to be a
totally let's see what happens okay yeah
so this is this is a mess but um if you
ignore if you just turn off top plate uh
geez I I I accidentally miss saav the
copy so that's why it's all weird but if
you just ignore that and look at the
bottom cuz we're only looking at the
yaw okay let's look at the
bottom okay okay so what I'm going to do
is I'm going to make that cylinder which
is the the component named bottom plate
I'm going to make that bigger
okay to match the size of this top plate
then I'm going to move that motor that's
currently on the axis of rotation
about uh I think 80 mm away from the
center and that's going to still go
through the top of that bottom plate and
connect to a gear then that gear is
going to connect to something that's
screwed into the top plate and that will
be centered on the axis of rotation
so that's that's what I was talking
about of increasing the footprint is
that
um because you need space for that motor
and that
gear yeah I don't I don't I don't get it
I just know that the bottom motor that
does the Y can be offset like you said
and it's going to have a gear on it that
drives uh another ring gear uh or pinion
gear whatever you want to call it that
or spur gear that then rotates the thing
in the y direction yeah so you don't and
if you have the bearings you don't need
those little tags sticking up because
that's really Hy right
there that's not even going to work
because that's not gonna prevent that
design right there is only preventing
the the force due to the the uh gravity
but it's not going to prevent
uh the bending moment on the Sha
necessarily why not because now there's
a now there's a fulcrum on the outside
so if you push down on the edge of the
thing it's going to
be it's going to be pivoted around the
pillar and not around the
shaft wait did I lose you guys no
figure I you have four of them I guess
if that's rigid enough it's not going to
allow bending to be transmitted to the
motor but the motor's not going to be on
the center line of rotation anyway right
well yeah but the the gear that's
turning will
be oh yeah yeah but the uh yeah the gear
that's turning that's gonna the gear
that's turning is going to be mounted
onto the
the um that
plate
yeah you're you're GNA mold that thing
onto the bottom of that plate that's G
to have your [__] assembly right yeah
yeah it's going to be the gear that's on
the the yaw Center is going to be
screwed into the top plate not you're
not molding it as part of the plate
you're GNA screw it onto that PL yeah
because uh yeah it makes the assembly
way easier or I mean it makes printing
way easier
here why if you flip it over and print
it from the other side you have a black
surface yeah but you still if if the the
the Hub is smaller than the the out
outer diameter of the spur gear so you
would need a little
overhang yeah I don't know it's hard to
it's hard to really see what you're
trying you're not far along you should
once you get your off your Geer in there
and your motor off set then I think we
can talk about yeah yeah I'm I'm yeah
I'll probably be done in a couple hours
so um but yeah I I know what you mean
it's hard to visualize without a real
thing to look at yeah yeah
um yeah I'm just designing the hubs
right now for the gear but I I I'll send
you guys a picture in a few
hours
okay sounds good all right cool I'll
I'll talk to you tonight about the food
and and what gear she's giving me yeah
sounds good thanks all right all right
see you guys to you later
bye all right let's do this thing he's
right these pillars are the most janky
ass part of this whole design okay so
let's extrude this thing minus
10 okay then we need to go into here and
draw a circle on this face
what the
hell
okay okay and then what did we want this
to be we want this to be 5.4 or
something
um it's h it's here and then this
5.2 so let's uh adjust
that okay and then we want to take this
and this profile and we want to extrude
this two
sides this way is
five and this way is um all
wait what the
hell oh wait undo that this is
distance
five then this one is
all wait why is it going so
far the
hell no it should only
be wait objects to cut
yeah that put a hole in that thing Okay
no Okay now we just need the
nut so we going to draw on this
face then we want a
poly we want this this thing and we want
it here then we want
this and this point to be
midpoint okay now we want to take this
and this profile and we want to extrude
it where are we I'm going to extrude
it to
here okay cool so now we just need to
mirror
this and we probably need a
oh we probably need a a
line
uh let's see how did we do it here hold
on I got to go to the
bathroom
e e
okay so uh how did we do this
mirror which what was the mirror plane
I don't see which oh oh yeah okay that's
fine it's going to be
this
this and there's is there a third one
this mirror
plane the origin of this thing
let's turn off the bodies just do
this
what
why what the [__] I've never seen that
before ever
is it because that stupid all
Extrusion okay so when we go to this
thing I'm going to fix
this and we're just going to make this
can I just click on
this is that right or is that not going
to be enough I think that's
right oh see what the hell is that can
you believe
that that's so silly
okay um let's try to mirror it one more
time stop it bro stop it just remember
that I want
features okay there we go
Okay
cool so that component is done now we
just need to Joint
it so uh let's go back
here
J this and then it's going to be this
like
that it really does not need to be so
tall oh and then this
height
uh the shaft is not going to be CU this
is only 10 up I think that that's not
going to work
oh wait but we want to actually join it
to so wait so first can we edit this
thing to
be if we
edit this
Extrusion no this no this Extrusion to
be we probably want it to be 20 right
that too far
yeah that's not going to work 15 maybe
oh wait but the shaft actually no we can
just undo that cuz the distance
between here
and here is four so 10 is
fine so we're good this part is fine we
just need
to we need to join it to
this thing on this plane so yeah so
let's just do that it's going to be this
and
this uh then we need to flip it then we
need to move it down
by uh so this is going to
be by 21 right
um
okay oh no fix
that 19 where's that difference coming
from
okay but so
now since we set this up this should
turn very
nice Okay
cool so
um oh that's so
annoying you you don't get the joints
dude that's crazy okay wait I should be
able to
do uh I should be able to do as built
joint this and this
oh wait I want to do it the other way
around shift J this and
this
okay
cool um so okay let's just do this we're
going to create a sketch on here or
maybe we should make an offset
plane let's
undo construct offet
plane now on this we want to draw a
sketch or
actually
um okay let's just come up with the
thicknesses so it's going to be
it really doesn't have to be that thick
at all
actually let's undo this too okay so
let's just say it's
five and it and the for this big gear it
doesn't have to be
it doesn't have to be the diameter of
the root of the gearus root
diameter okay so what we're going to do
is we're going to create another offset
plane and then it's going to be
five up from this
okay so then on
here this is a
little I hate that
I I hate that I did this I kind of want
to just redo it
oh
wait yeah
wait why can't I activate this thing
anymore
oh yeah these are so
weak oh can we edit these to be a little
bit more
parametric okay so this sketch we want
this to
be 10 can we make it
12 and
sketch
whoa oh wait
um oh
[__] let's do
this let's do this let's do
pillar pillar yeah uh Dam this is
12 okay so then
in yeah right so
in
um
this Billet we need this to be pillar D
oh pill di over
two what the what the
right
cancel why doesn't that
work that makes no
sense
what why isn't this
working it must be because it doesn't
have access to this parameter or
something random
fine I don't I don't give a
[__] just make it
six that's so
annoying no but I I get it I get why
it's why it's doing
that
okay
so I'd say
I say what we want to do is a new
component oh wait we have a top
plate okay so let's activate
this and let's draw sketch
on
here then we're going to make this uh
plate
dim okay then we're going to extrude
this up oh wait let's uh let's get some
more geometry in here so we need
the screw holes which I can put
here actually you kind of want this to
be off so that you can
do
lines okay
um we said 1 .5 I
think man that's
tiny
what
nope uh 25 is a
lot
right
15 I wonder what we did in the this
one
so I don't know why all this broke when
I tried to update
this some weird missing stuff here okay
um right so let's turn
off hand
holder and then let's activate top
plate and I just want to
see these
holes okay that's this dude Fusion is so
sick
wait that's not the
right oh it's
probably oh it's this
sketch we said 10 what did I make it
15 that's fine I'm fine with
that okay so now we just need to mirror
this
okay so
these okay so I want to name this
maybe whatever um what else do we need
on this we need a whole bunch of
geometry that I'm not even ready for
really why are there two sketches here
what the
[__] what even is this sketch I don't
understand if I just delete this I think
it would be
fine there
yeah so
okay so what did we make this wait we
never did an extrusion though I guess
yeah I guess now is the time to do an
extrusion we need this to be wall
thick 3 mm is going to be so much
right we need a whole bunch
of HS on here so we'll have to come back
we'll come back we'll come
back yo what's up man when did you send
this oh four minutes ago is my computer
going to run out of freaking battery
here
holy [__] somehow my computer's going to
run out of battery even though it's wait
it's not plugged in oh my gosh holy hell
I'm glad I saw that almost ran out of
battery uh yeah okay cool that's
probably why my computer's running slow
too okay so let's make this just two I
don't I don't really want this to be so
thick wait what why didn't that
what just
happened Okay cool so we'll come back
and add the rest of the holes
but wait wait this isn't
right oh this is this is right yeah so
now we want
to now we want to just make it our gear
so we're going to make our
gear and this is going to be two 2
65 yes
yes yes yes okay so this is
correct uh it's going pretty good
I H I ran into some problem where the
motors that I'm using don't seem to have
enough torque to be able to actually
rotate this full assembly even without
really much on it let me um quickly pull
up a video
of
that so it's not really easy to see in
the
video let me mute this too so it's not
freaking
[Music]
L okay so here's the
video and you can see it's wobbling all
over and actually if you stop the
rotation of this motor it can't get
going again so you have to kind of give
it an initial push to uh to get it going
and then it'll keep going and then then
I tried to turn the bottom plate which
is called the yaw and it just won't move
it's just got too much forces on it so
I'm I'm basically redesigning the whole
thing from
scratch
um uh just for practice and to
incorporate a couple of designs the main
new feature that I'm going to be
um what is it supposed to do it's it's
supposed to hold a phone and track my
face um
So it's b i mean eventually it'll be
like a little Sentry turret type of vibe
but right now it's mainly just getting
like a full assembly a mechanical design
working
um so uh so let's close this um but so
yeah so what the these gears will do is
give me more
torque um the problem is the the size of
this thing is sort of ballooning up
um okay so we need this gear and I kind
of want to
hide all of this
stuff so let's just hide the top plate
oh wait no what do we want to do do we
want to project it in we could project
it let's see what am I clicking on here
so I want to click on this and I want to
draw a sketch
okay I want to
project these
circles oh wait let's see no no no not
yet not yet because what I need to do
and this is going to be arbitrary sort
of but let's make
it
45 that seems good I see no reason why I
need to make a huge
well there is an advantage to having the
screw holes as far out as possible but
for right now let's just do
45 and then we're going to have to do
this whole process again okay how do I
mute this top plate this thing is going
to drive me [__] crazy okay so we
want to extrude this by
five and actually I would rather do a
two object thing but I think that that
just
uh it's fine this is okay wait no wait
let's see yeah this thing does not need
to have a set screw design so this is
actually all we need so now what we can
do is we can turn on the top plate we're
going to draw a sketch
on what is the point of doing what is
what's the point of it doing these moves
what do you mean I mean it you need to
be able to move the camera in two axes
of rotation if you want to keep
someone's face centered in the
screen um okay so wait yes so we're
sketching on here and then we're
projecting these two little
circles okay and then
we're oh
actually I'm dumb I want to do this the
other way around I want to edit this
sketch and then project these guys in
here and then only
extrude okay then we finish sketch we
click on the Extrusion and we
uncheck
these wait I didn't do it there we go
okay so now there's little holes in
there if we turn off the top plate you
can see there's holes in there so the
screws will go in
there um and then now we just need to
make the
joint so let's do
that okay
so going to
Joint
that turn this off turn this on
to here okay let's turn back on the spur
gear see is that right it's hard to tell
let's turn off the bottom
plate
yeah that looks right to
me okay so now what we need to do
is we want to add so wait that's joined
we can add the leners later but what I
want to do is a motion
link
so how what is supposed to help
though the
gear the gear helps
um because it gives you uh more torque
so it allows you to move slower but more
weight okay um is this a center point I
guess it is
um so wait can we do
a yeah so this
is this is right
okay now but now if we turn this it
doesn't right it doesn't
um so what do we need to do then we need
to um let's try to do this motion link
thing select joints oh [__]
H wait let's
activate see this is not what you want
so wait
um select joints to link can
I um
this is
weird Okay I forgot how to do these we
can do that
later
um let's get the bottom plate back
on oh oh you know something's occurring
to me which is this
thing even though you have the
pillars is kind
of no I mean it's
supported it's supported it's fine
the main issue is how big this thing is
it's just going to take forever to
freaking
print okay
um so I should probably kick off a print
now oh you know what I might actually
just make these 10 apart so that I can
use the current plate cuz that was like
a three hour print so if we activate
this top
plate why change this
I mean it does make it a little bit
stronger but it will be
fine um okay
so to not get confused let's
um I think I want to print out the gears
and the
[Music]
pillars well no I guess I want
to and then oh I wonder if Okay so let's
get the bottom plate so wait let's save
this
y
right with
gears I do think it's kind of weird
like in some sense this is actually
better because it takes even
more off of the shaft like the shaft is
literally only doing rotation now
because the coupler is not mounted
directly to the top plate so this does
have that Advantage too all right but
we're going to save this as a
mesh and we're going to actually make a
um is it in pictures
CAD
um let's do
uh I'm going to do
um put it in
here okay now I want to open up bamboo
studio and I just want to see
because I should be able to print it out
with no
supports the hell is going on here there
we
go I swear bamboo studio is so slow
oh I forgot
to you got to be kidding
me hot
fix fix the printing issue caused by
repeating I'm sure it's fine
okay so I'm just curious what the auto
Orient yeah what oh
oops this just barely F fits on my
printer I bet this thing is going to
take like three hours to
print H it's so [__]
annoying um
I mean if I'm going to do this I might
as
well add some
features to it it's crazy it has to be
50 mm
tall
honestly should I make it 48 mm tall
because then the motor just sit rests on
the
ground I don't want it to wobble though
so I kind of don't want
that worst comes to wor I just slide a 2
mm plate under the bottom of the motor
so it's supported I just don't want
anything to Cave cuz this is pretty weak
like now that it's so big if I were to
press in the center of this thing it
might Flex a
lot um all right but I
I guess I need to print this
thing this feels so bad CU now I'm just
committing to like three oh and I have
to go get something off the printer I'll
be right back
e
okay
so let's send this thing
off it's a $5 part that's actually crazy
to think
about it's pretty
expensive
um okay so let's do
um wait what is
that oh
uh is that
okay yeah that's fine oh and then this
has that's fine as well but then we
could just reduce this by two
all right I think I'm going to just
start working on the top plate so let's
disable the con no it's not construction
it's analysis all right so let's do this
freaking thing
man and then we I want to set up the
motion links actually really
badly because I do want this top plate
to turn so this turns oops oh and this
right how are we going to do that
what if I just quickly
draw on the this is the top plate but if
I just draw another one right
here and then do the motion joint from
there okay so finish that make this
Extrusion SL wait why does that say
two what the hell
it's random as hell I don't know what
that two came
from oh that's Extrusion
distance okay now we have another
one okay now when we go edit the
gear the
gear we in this sketch we also want to
project this thing
and then finish and
then
this we're not looking at the right
thing are
we let's turn off the top
plate okay so now I want to change this
joint
I want to delete it I just want to
delete this
joint and I want to
join this oops is that right I think
that's right we disable this and this
oops well
whatever
and
this okay now this is still not grounded
right so this can still move
freely
but what do we do I think
we okay let's can I can I go back to
that
video hello and welcome to Fusion
fundamentals with me
MJ and referencing is
moving okay now we repeat that step wait
I want a rigid one there assemble as
joint I'll select the gear and then
right at the top and then I'll
repeat assemble we've got a couple
options motion link
and in motion link we can select the
joints that are interacting I'll select
that joint maybe it doesn't let you
select see that maybe it doesn't let you
select rigid
joints or
not right it probably only lets me
select where is the revolute joint even
it's in the stepper
yeah see there's
that and then can I select I can't
select
that so wait what if I
did
okay this
thing
to I don't know does it is it going to
snap to the center
here
this we don't want to flip
it wait do we want to flip
it we need this to move up to this
thing wait but it no we need it to be
30 okay and then this is going to
be a revolute
joint so preview motion okay
nice and the bottom let's see let's make
sure that the bottom plate bottom plate
is grounded okay so wait we shouldn't be
able to oh okay we got to edit this
joint so first revert this with this no
this joint we need to undo the flip oh
then we need to move it up
again what is
that why isn't that enough it should be
to the tippy top of this
thing oh wait to there plus
plus + 2
33 let's see the distance between
here and here should be five Okay cool
so that is in the right spot and this
thing
turns undo that so
now we need
to join we need to do the motion
link we want to select
this we want to
select
this okay now what I want to do is I
want to turn off the top plate I just
want to see how the gears are
meshing okay
so for this revolute for every 360 this
needs to
turn
time 15 over
65 okay then we need a
reverse can I flip this around I would
rather do
it let's copy this
oh wait let's uh let's do this
time
65 okay
perfect is it awkward to
move no it's not awkward to move okay
nice so we have successfully set
up the motion
links we can drag this thing
around can we drag this around yeah we
can nice dude motion links are so
sick all right now we can officially get
started
on the top
plate now on the top
plate we're going to need to add some
holes and I might reference geometry
from the uh
okay
um yeah so let's look
at top
plate cannot be saved what
it's
black I don't really see what's wrong
with this I feel like I could I feel
like I could use at least this geometry
again so let's just look at
got so many unnecessary sketches on
here
okay this is so complicated
I'm down to just run this
back
um the new feature I guess first off I
don't think I need to make them seven
this I probably I don't know the bearing
doesn't really need to fit all the way
in there because it's seven thick and
it's kind of annoying but the IDE the
next thing that we're going to do okay
so yeah we should figure this out
because the height
from from this point to here is
84 that's not
it's not
great oh and we might have to move this
out
more
yeah I think we I think we might be able
to thin it down and save enough that we
want
cuz that would be kind of
brutal
okay
e e
okay um yeah so the thing is this
one I also was hoping
for a
what is it doing why is it like spazzing
out hoping for a good gear
ratio
um
okay so we're going to
oh [__]
though oh I guess you just use two
bearings so we're going to make an
L have a have two bearings and the gear
is attached to the bearing Shaft or the
shaft that goes into the
bearing so
okay
uh I yeah
bro okay let's just get started I'm I'm
going to start from scratch I don't even
want to think about
this oh you know what I didn't change
the did I change the thing to be six
okay
so okay so let's just get
started
um going to activate top
plate can you move these around you can
move around that's useful okay what
sketch do we have here all right so we
want rectangle that's a this that's a
center rectangle and he needs to be oh
wait
uh pixel width is
81.3 can you
do there's no short key for this it's so
freaking stupid um pixel height
I always
forget
158.3
okay
um and
then so this is just to give us sense
of and then what did we make this 12 I
think it was something
else
15.4 that's that's the whole thing
though that's that's with walls and
everything chunky
boy um oh wait 81.3 is
wrong oh no that's okay but if we go
to right no no
yeah
so
um yes so we need to we need to change
this to be yeah we're going to call it
the Yoke from now on
so this is a yoke
um
okay um what is the height of this thing
if we open
up and close this we don't need
this um we don't need this either
because we can do edit in place so
that's fine we don't really need this
either hand okay so the yeah so fin
sketch let's look at the parameters
here
okay Yol dep
okay so
um okay so that's nothing
really but what we do
want is some of
the the sketch geometry
here oh those are the old pillars yeah
that's that's nothing but these are what
I'm looking for so I just want those
Dimensions so that's it's like six right
6.2
65 we need that because I don't want to
reprint this top plate and I don't think
I'll need to because I think I can
just yeah I don't think I need
to yeah so we we basically want to redo
this part okay so let's go back to here
we have these lines now we need a circle
here and this is going to be
6.2 and it's not construction now the
distance to
here is 65 that seems far away the
distance to here is
15 now we want to mirror this
across this plane oops I always do that
little lit every time now we want to do
this this mirror again now across this
line and we don't
know if that's actually
right some of this will probably have to
go through a little bit of iteration
because I don't know if I'm going to be
able to make the gears that same
distance
apart but let's do that and then how far
apart did
we um I wish you can smooth these tabs
like in Chrome it's really annoying
actually okay so let's finish this I
would just want to see now if we look at
disable
oh is that really how I did it that's
ludicrous I mean it's not but it
is
um this is
20 and this is 64 64
right so that means
that
um
20 32 so this is 12 so this is 12 so
that means that they're 24
apart okay so I'm just going to draw
those circles manually
and I'm
going this and this are
equal they
are horizontal can I do
that what why can't I do
that this point and this point are
horizontal now the distance between oh
wait oh the only thing that's left is
this and this is going to be
24 okay and then I just want to mirror
this
cross
here okay and do we even need four of
them now
that it' be really nice if we could just
reuse well
okay let's leave that in
there what else do we what else do we
need let's close this
um right okay that's fine so we can we
can
finish and fix the uh thing to not
include what
fill it what the hell okay so this is
where we're
at now
this thing three hours left Layer Two
brutal really really
brutal that's
fine
um okay so I think we need to do our new
component
now okay so let's do a new component
pitch
motor
holder
parent oh
what oh because I didn't select okay
whatever pitch motor
holder okay so now we want to draw a SK
C on
here and let's see what do we want this
thing to freaking look like let's finish
this what the hell just
happened
oh right so we can still make it let's
see what is the size of this Edge that's
50 right okay so this is 50 this is 64
yeah okay that makes
sense I'm
wondering I think that we aren't going
to need this whole disgusting thing I
think it's just going to need to be an L
again it just needs to be
longer and honestly does it even need to
be longer I mean it it doesn't it
doesn't like I don't think we really
need these holes here anymore but let's
just do this so here we're going to draw
a sketch on here
or actually could
I oh but it's a
new okay that's fine do we get this
center
point we we do get that Center Point
that's fine because that's literally the
origin um so we're going to draw a
rectangle
here it's going to be
uh I think it should just be 57
right
by
[Music]
something yeah this could probably just
be uh separate width plus two
something okay then the distance between
here and here is important because it
needs to be
like like uh yoke
width
plus 24 or
something
what
oh right
um let's go
back yeah what is
the let's
see oh yeah this is
21 plus like 40 is is this 60 or so why
does this seem so much
different are those holes placed
incorrectly could
be oh wait I'm wanted to look at
this this is 65 what did I
put oh
wait that's right
what is this
sketch I I don't understand that at all
why do I keep doing
that okay fine I'm just going to leave
it because I'm I don't want to mess
anything up
let me just measure
it that's
62 oh
we don't use those circles those
mirrored circles don't don't do
anything oh so I'm I'm kind of a dumbass
actually okay
okay
so okay so let's fix this thing because
we totally botched
this we're going to go top plate at this
geometry we're going to oh we can't
really delete this mirror we we
can just delete
these okay so now we need a circle
here and this and this are going to be
equal
the distance from
here is going to
be
uh
this now the distance to
here needs to be very is very
important let me just draw it on paper
so
oh no
wait for
right
I wonder how much thinner we can make
this for
oh
wait this needs to be probably like 12
no no no
six
e for
okay
so I'm just trying to find how thin we
can make this thing because that'll
guide where we put these holes and all
all of it
so okay so let's look at this
cross-sectional view
again
so the height if I remember correctly
from oh [__] I should have never closed
stepper the answer is never close
stepper okay so it just kind of has to
go at the
end so from
here
to here is
nine okay so yeah the bolt can really go
any anywhere
because because if let's go back to the
cross-sectional view if this
is if this wall is seven thick which it
will be because the bearing is going to
go in there on the when we put the
bearing in then that means that there's
only 2 mm here where there isn't a d
shaft so that means that if
we have this but it's from this side but
when we do it
it it could be from the other
side it doesn't really
matter yes we're going to do it from the
other side and the gear okay so then you
put the nut in which will be like 12
deep then five then that's 17 17 gives
you four left over that's not really
enough
let's see if
we we could just use a smaller we could
use smaller set
screws in a smaller
nut we could use M4 I think M4 would
totally be strong
enough the reason M5 is nice is that it
matches the uh it sort of matches the
diameter of the shaft which you know I
don't know if that's just like a
coincidental niceness or that's actually
nice to have
but in any
case um
if we make this
10 this whole Hub is
156 that might be
fine okay so let's just say that we need
to make the
Hub
depth on
Pitch
needs to be about 10 mm okay so that
that gives us a back of the napkin
calculation
on the
distance here and so we are going to
keep it the same as it was and we're
just going to miniaturize that
component so what that means is that
these circles so this distance is going
to be the same as it
was so if we turn off analysis and then
we go back to the sketch where that was
drawn we made oh we did a projection
that's [__] whack so can we just
measure the
distance from
okay should I just copy that or is that
Jank as
hell I needs to be the same that's for
sure okay
oops uh is there a shortcut for
equal
um
uhoh that's not
good because
Uh
crap what
happened when you rotate this thing
around the pillar is totally going to
hit that
bolt but I feel like I made the distance
oh but the they used to be in here
that's
why I see okay so well we'll put this in
here but I need to remember that that's
really bad like we can't bolt that in we
can only use two bolts and it's these
closer ones but we're going to leave it
in for like a backwards compatibility
type of thing so we don't have to
reprint it
okay and then we also
need the
rectangle that is going to be extruded
on well we don't we don't want to draw
the rectangle right now
because it's a different
component okay so we're just going to
say these are in the right spot and this
is actually really janky because any
little Notch might get caught on this if
there's like a
little
[Music]
whatever it should be okay because the
point of contact is really outside of
it um okay so let's finish the sketch
and do the Extrusion because I believe
we have all of the geometry for this
plate
now what is that oh that's okay that's
some
random
[__] okay so now we can go
activate this and we can edit this
sketch again okay so do we have is it is
is this
right I guess it's right did we project
this already I yes we
did
um yeah so
okay so this is
57 because we're ignoring the six at the
end because we don't really
care good good good very nice
so we we just want
to oh maybe we didn't project
these that's just the point we want the
circle they're already it's clearly
already
projected wait then how do I get rid of
this that's [__] weird oh there we go
wait no
what how do I just select this Square
ignore dude wow I'm so confused
okay I am going to start over I'm
literally going to just delete this and
make a new
component
pitch motor folder
okay we're going to draw a sketch on
here this it's going to
be
by uh uh uh motor what is
it
stepper width +
two okay we're going to draw a line here
like this make it Construction
make this and this midpoint except the
distance from here to here is going to
be that special distance of
something see do we have it
here
no I think it's a different sketch
I think it's like way back it's like
um oh let's just measure it
then oh
what from here to here
61.65 oh right
and this includes the wall okay so now I
can just extrude this that's great is
this all locked in place yeah all right
so let's extrude
this let's make it
seven okay but oh wait but we want to um
let's see
M6 rare outdoor bro I love that you
appreciate the outdoor programming
that's the vibe bro touch touching grass
not really but you know uh I no one ever
comments on that but that I feel like
that's so important that's so
funny uh rare outdoor programming
totally agree man
um that was 10 minutes ago okay
so yeah so what we want to find out is
m6 head
whip come on
dude no no no that's not what I meant I
meant uh like
I meant depth I
think
four four
six we can make it five I I think five
would be
good okay so what we want to do and then
what's the
uh 10 let me look up at my actual M6
okay so in this sketch made this
10 no but that's across Flats so we need
to make it like 12 because if you do
this to this yeah so let's make it
okay so we need to uh draw a sketch on
here
and
then I guess I'm just going to do
mirrors mirrors and then we're going to
do a circle here and make this
12 not construction
mirror across here oh wait that's not
going to work don't
oh right I'm a
[Music]
dumbass right so let's just draw this
one
12 not construction now we need to
mirror this and this across here okay
that's fine so then we are going to
extrude this down by five oh wait what
did we put the to we probably made the
depth absurdly large for no freaking
reason what what is going on
here
okay um
five we could decrease it a little
bit but let's just let's just uh
okay so there's
that now in this sketch we want this to
here and then we want this to be seven
and then we're going to extrude this by
like a 100 right I'm pretty sure it's
that gets pretty close to that wall
there I'm going to go back in and change
this
to
plus oh
wait what the
hell what what what is going on here
okay that gives us a little bit more
room oh and great yeah
um okay so we got to take a step back
and just like do some
parameters
um do we call it height or length I
don't know systematically naming that
stuff is um hard
pitch motor
fer
L is going to be a
stepper width plus
four
okay so now we edit this sketch and it's
going to
be uh
pitch like that
then when we
[Music]
do wait where
is oh yeah it's in this sketch that's
kind of that's kind of silly
actually we just want to make
this
[Music]
pitch okay so now if we were to change
that it would be
parametric um but yeah so if you look
from here if you put the bolts in it's
clearly going to collide with the thing
so we can't really use
those we could just move them in a
little bit
more but then we'd have to reprint that
thing
um
okay what what's next is some sketches
on this on
here and on
here
so we're going to draw let's just draw
some of these
guys sometimes I wish it just
automatically did this or someone told
me how I'm supposed to actually do this
so this is going to be
23 and it's not construction and the
distance up from wait
what from here to
here needs to be what the
hell this needs to be um
I'm almost positive that's
accurate which means if we can extrude
this straight
through so now we should be able to uh
okay now we need to think carefully I
believe I want to make the rigid joint
with oh yeah I need the holes too so
it's going to be this
thing
[Music]
to the oh wait
oh is it
cuz which stepper is
it where's the other
stepper oh sh that's why
let just undo
that wait you do this then control okay
and I believe this needs to move two
in okay nice we're getting good at this
thing okay so the distance between here
and here should be
oh sh it should be
nice and we're trying to
make okay so we need to make a gear we
can probably reduce the thickness of the
gear by by 2 millim or something
and then I want to look and see what is
the
height let's turn off
pan pitch holder
what where are the
sketches that's
weird all right can we just do
it so this
thing where are it's
sketches
okay oh I did in the wrong component
that's
why and then great I projected this
thing
that's okay it's probably this
I'm so confused where this sketch
is then you extruded then I extruded
this which was what
there we
go how do we arrive at
that
okay
so so yeah it's half of the height of
the
pixel plus five
so let's just draw a circle
here oh wait can we
uh let's undo
that we're going to go back
on Fu this
sketch we're also going to make a circle
here and this is going to
be um
okay so this is going to be bearing OD
min-2 and is it okay and then the
distance from here oh [__] distance from
here
to
here is going to
be pixel height over
2 minus 7 +
5 and then if we are to
measure this to this thing
84.3 okay
nice very
good oh and we also didn't do
um okay we want to finish this sketch
and then we want to change this
Extrusion to include
this
guy
um oh this is so sick I'm really liking
this now that
component how long's the stream been
going oh nice 3:30
um should we do the
gear or should we build the rest of
it I think I should probably build this
other side and get the bearings in and
then get that thing
in and then do it
so if we were to look
at this thing how did we do any of
this it's like like
this or like
this okay so we just want to copy this
rectangle we can make it a little longer
35 35 by 50
then it's like slightly different than
the
uh maybe I should change this to just be
50 these kind of decisions are so
paralyzing because you're just
like does it really even matter
we just make this
50 oh wait actually no wait wait I want
to see if this thing works if I do this
and change this to be just
50 cool I believe now if we click on
this line it's 50 okay so let's um
okay so we want a new component this is
going to be uh pitch bearing
holder and we want to draw in
here it's going to be uh
pitch is it no this is the wrong
one this is g to be
35 this is pitch motor overline okay
then
enter l x
this um this to here is
midpoint then uh the distance from here
to here is going to be
something that I don't
remember it is yeah why did I do this
oh that's
fine so this needs to be pixel no no
yoke width over
two perfect wow did I just like guessed
that right that that's kind of insane is
this perfectly
aligned turn off this stepper
okay I believe that has to be a
l wait did I turn off top
plate oh wait no those are the holes
that's
whatever
okay I mean this really does not matter
so we extrude this we'll make it seven
again should we counter bore them
oh wait but we need
to okay we'll need to make these slotted
so that you can actually get them in
there
or I could just use real
Allen I'll probably just use real Allen
ones I'm
slowly going towards not printing the
bolts just cuz it's so much easier to
not
so this needs to be
pitch okay then this needs to be
seven then this you extrude by oh wait
here let's do
this um Pitch Wall
height oh what the fck
hitch Wall
height and
then
um let's draw a sketch on
here and let's just uh project
this oh wait we don't even need that do
we
Oh I thought I wanted to actually add a
little bit of
clearance it's
fine CU it was kind of rubbing and and
if this is at all a little angled then
it'll hit the wall so maybe I really do
want to
um I'm going to add a little bit of
clearance but they keep the holes in the
same place so wait we we finish this I'm
going to do this sketch okay so this
is plus 1 mm
okay nice starting to look good and then
let's see we don't have any joints here
though so if I move this those don't
move with
it
so I wonder if I do a Fastener I just
I'm curious if
it I hate how slow this thing is like
why does it have to make web requests
like just cash all of it I don't even
care if it's like half a gig I just hate
waiting for this
thing sock is that even
whatever I don't even
care and then let's make it
16 oh great oh wait there they had
16 oh [__] I didn't even think about
that oh no
that is not
good so we oh
God okay so we need to go back and do
some revision for sure we're going to
need to make this longer and this
shorter but about
five so let's do that
now we need to go into this spur
gear okay so we
do this then this initial
Extrusion I made this
21 if I make this 16 what happens I feel
like all hell is going to break loose
okay can I look at this part is
it is it correct it should be
correct and then the only thing
is I want to get a let's turn on this
stepper and um activate this and I kind
of
want is this what I want this is not
bad oh see
though I could add a spacer or
something but yeah see how this is
clawing into that thing
I mean I could just I could just have it
go all the way
through
so if I were to go back
into this burger and expand out this
thing where am I
wait 5.4 or
5.2 I think it's
04 hopefully this doesn't ruin
everything okay so now we turn back on
the
analysis okay so that's
resolved now we want to activate this
gear and we want this Extrusion to be
10 nice everything worked out let's see
what's what's the warning
here no target body
okay all right so I think that that
issue has been
resolved it's sort of remains to be seen
whether or not this will work but I
think I think there's no reason why it
wouldn't but I'm glad I caught that with
the Fasteners that would have been
really
annoying even still you have to put them
on first
yes you really have to document the
assembly process too because
otherwise it's not it's not really
guaranteed that you can actually build
it okay but does okay but I need to
answer the question of does that give me
a
joint uh I think it does not so if I
move this plate yeah so we want to
revert position and then we want to turn
up these fastness
oh wait but that was in
the okay wait let me go back so what
what is this
extrude what the hell was
this oh
jeez okay wait so I'm going to just
delete
this
delete oh what oh delete group and
expand
okay why is this a
problem okay so what we want to do is we
want to activate this component insert
[Music]
Fastener because I don't want the
Fasteners to be a part of that component
I feel like that doesn't make any
sense let's do Hex head
what the
[__] you got to be kidding me this is
the
worst okay
and then it like totally closes it so
you have to do it like a million more
times
um okay so let's add the joints
though so I want to turn off this
join how do I get it on
top this with now I want to turn off top
plate turn on
this oh I could have done an as built
joint
maybe okay but so now if I move this
thing that moves with it very nice now I
want to turn off this stepper motor and
then I want to ins
okay now this oh this doesn't matter oh
wait but
okay so I'm going to put these in there
but yeah it's no good and then we can
probably make this
16 yeah so this would just prevent it
from uh from
working why don't I just pull them in
and forget the backwards compatibility
this should just
work I mean I don't even think I need
four
but
whatever did I do the thing again did I
really do
that no so then where are
these why are those
hidden I don't even understand where did
those
go
what I'm so confused
why are they
hidden oh that that was bizarre
okay and if you look from the front you
can see they don't stick out so that's
good oh wait
these need to be
shorter is there really not a good way
[Music]
to that's so annoying man that there's
not a good way to edit these things wa
so I don't care about the joint the
joint is fine it's the this probably
needs to be
like
12 okay so I'm going to just
undo undo
undo okay and then if I turn this on
these are there turn on
this this thing is so slow I don't
know why needs to be so bad but
evidently it
does okay we want to get in that
thing oh wait this thing and then let's
make them let's uh the front
view then let's make
them
12 cool
holy crap
man and then I actually want to know I
want to test what is the distance
between this
face
and this face nice okay two that's
that's enough for me I don't really
care cool now let's turn back on this
stepper motor I mean I really just want
to get to the freaking gears but that
seems to take so long oh yeah and then
we forgot to do our rigid assembly so
let's turn off the
stepper let's turn off this turn off the
Fasteners then we want to oh wait I want
to try an as buil joint
actually okay cool
all right we're getting there we're
getting
there this is brutal though oh yeah and
then we forgot actually something we
forgot
in
here it's probably no it's not this it's
not that it's
this we need to and I actually want to
do
uh oh
um yeah how do I get a view that oh what
I want to
do so I want to do
this turn
off bearing
holder and then I want
to
um let me think
here I want to edit this
sketch but then that hides the stepper
motor for some reason so why don't
I fin to sketch draw a new sketch on
here I don't really
care okay now if I hide this I
project this guy this this guy the
annoying thing is that these are like
totally unconstrained
but should be fine so
now this needs to
be uh yeah okay wait um oh and I
actually probably forgot to oh
no oh no no bro oh my
God there's no mounting holes on this
thing right oh
Jesus all right I'm just going to drill
them there's no way that I'm not just
going to drill
them I'm not pausing my print for that
that sucks
though whatever it's not a big deal uh
but I do need to add them so we need to
go back we need
to edit this and we want to uh we going
to turn everything besides it
off wait I want this stepper but I don't
want any of this crap
okay now I
want it's probably the first
sketch no it's not the first
sketch
Okay so
oh but by then we hadn't putten in the
okay so let's uh let's just do a new
sketch so we're do new sketch on this
we're going to turn off the bottom plate
and we are going to
project o we're going to project
this
this this and this
did that oh wait no okay yeah we're
good and then now we need to
know in
here or
here
um what do we set these
for 3.2 okay so we're going to make a
parameter for
stepper
M
mounting whole Di and this is
3.2 okay so now we want to do
this
this this and then we want to
do this stepper mounting hole
diameter then we want to do
okay then we want to
um oh I should only project the uh
Center points that's what I should do in
the
future okay now we want to extrude these
um
okay BR it's so easy to forget
stuff okay
okay so where was that
sketch no which is the one with the uh
oh it's probably sh you got to be so
careful so I going to delete the
sketch oh wait do I no
oh okay
yeah uh
pitch oh wait uh stepper mounting hole
diameter
okay oops
okay
nice cool cool
cool I'm going to save this
thing that is brutal that I forgot that
it is going to be kind of annoying to uh
drill it because you have to make sure
that the holes are just
right damn man
I'm trying to think if there's a way to
stamp an index uh so that I can get
the damn I'm so upset that I did that
these are socket
heads I forget which one I
do yeah that looks right
M3 is
correct probably needs to be 8
10 probably
10 that's the button you don't want to
click okay you want to click continue
that's so nice that's the pro Strat
these probably need to be like
six all right
I want to insert the bearing
H because I'm not logged in why does it
log me out
okay
nope ah wait it Oh I thought it logged
me out again that'd be super
annoying I probably could have just
copied
it oh did I don't know what is the right
one I guess it's that
oh wait
no well whatever it's not a big
deal okay so what is the
distance between here and here 103
shoot I don't remember how I did
this how did I get the um Pitch holder
in
here
cuz I see
okay so I want
to I want to open
this oh wait no I mean sorry I want to
open
this h
okay and then I want to save
as
yeah oh right okay so yeah okay so
um we're going to
save
as this is going to be face TR this is
going to be pitch
holder just going to call it
yoke okay so then
okay so this we just want to
delete this needs to be what 1.5
it's still referencing
um oh but no but uh okay this is the
right height so we can just delete
this we can just delete
this what is this this is the
combine oh no that's the
okay okay and then this sketch is also
garbage well that sketch is not
necessarily garbage
because we want to do
this
7.9 which is yeah right okay and we
don't have access to our bearing dims
but so we're going to extrude this
by like 25 I
think H I wonder if we
can oh what the hell oh it's because we
don't have
um H I should just redo this this whole
thing activate this draw a sketch on
here
take this and project this okay
now we're going to extrude this by
25 it's a yeah it's a joint so now if I
fill it this by two okay it's sort of
yeah it's a little bit
stronger I'm actually going to fill it
the other side
too uh should
I I don't really know that might be the
stupidest thing I've ever
done I don't know cuz it's so
long Al it's going to be
well I could see this breaking
off um but what what is it that we need
to do exactly we need to calculate the
distance so if we look at some of that
original sketch geometry
for this I believe
we made the
61 so if we
do
81.3 over 2 - 61
it's what okay oh
yeah 20.3 five
oh but that's to
that yeah so we do need to make it like
27 dude
why so this Extrusion
27 that's brutal that thing is going to
break
off and then oh but then on this since
this is the axis rotation this needs to
have the gear on
it okay so that means
that
oh shoot
though e
we kind of need more room I feel
like cuz we have 20 mm that's all we get
we could do something like this
though I don't I don't really let's just
say
um let's just say that we have oh wait
whatever yeah let's just say 10 then uh
uh then uh it should be locked in place
if we do a
horizontal okay then we
okay so then we
uh oh wait but this is no [__] damn it
all right that's fine uh let's just
finish this scat oh wait
oh that's fine yeah we can do that
perfect we do this by five or
so and you want to make it small to
minimize friction and all that so maybe
we don't want it to be tangent but um
it's irrelevant it's fine we do
this and then on this face
how about that now that's not a bad
idea the only issue is the printing is
we have to either use support or
something like
that but I feel like maybe we want to do
this because
then then you don't need to use a set
screw the advantage of screwing directly
onto
the holder is that you don't have to use
a set screw and you can make it thin
I mean because we can make that not even
5 millim we can make
that 2 mm
okay so we need to figure out how much
height we have though because from the
center point
of this what is that Circle oh okay but
from
like it's going to be
uh what was this this was
um did I did I write that
down
uh we want the axis height from Top
plate okay so
um uh
pitch axis height from Top
plate this is going to be
something
um okay when I do this sketch is it
this did I do a projection oh I did a
pro okay so it's uh this
okay it's pixel height over two plus the
width or minus the width
of
wait oh yeah right
okay so
um let's copy
that okay and then when when I go to
edit
this it's going to be
pixel
X oh yeah pitch axis height minus
okay okay
for e
all right so things are looking good
things are looking very
good
um what do we need to
do
um we need to do the
gears that's absolutely what we need to
do but okay we need to figure out the
size of the gears right we need to
figure out the size of the gears so we
need we need
um this why can't I copy this is
that that is the most insane thing I've
ever seen if you can't copy this
value oh my god dude some of this [__]
is like just the most
insanely whatever so
84.3 minus 7 is
from the top okay so this
minus um what is it called uh
stepper width over
two okay so um
pitch
pitch uh pitch diameter sum is going to
be the uh pitch axis height from Top
plate minus 7
minus
um um uh
stepper stepper width over
two okay is equal to 56.4
it's kind of annoying that that's not a
nice round number
actually what are we going to do about
that we could change the height
right that height was
chosen and totally can be modified so I
think we want to make
that a more round number and obviously
we want to make
that as big as possible because that
will give us a better gear ratio so
maybe we could
make if it was 60 let's say it was 60
we could do a 1545 and get a three gear
gear ratio thing but actually let's
see damn this is going to be
tight
because
um we need a pretty big gear here
plus we only
have well this radius maybe we don't
really care about because we're not
going to we're going to try to make it
small but we are limited by the 30 root
diameter oh but we are trying to
no in the do
to set
screw
constraints so what we're going to try
to do is actually
change that we're going to try to get
that down
to 20
maybe which would give us like 12 teeth
maybe and we could try to go for uh
like a five to
one 12 teeth
24 pitch
diameter about
a can we do that and we're trying to get
this to
be what did I say well maybe let's start
with the Top Gear the Top Gear's
thickness so again we only have
have we finished this I I guess we've
finished this so I'm going to save this
and I'm going to try to insert
this I mean it's it this isn't what it's
going to be and actually I want to
delete this
fillet um but I'm going to insert
it and get the joint in just so we can
visualize uh where did yoke go yoke is
probably in here
okay -
7 oh I guess I made it 10
oh right I added one
okay how far does that even go
in I hate that these are the same
color can I
oh right okay but
okay
yeah oh yeah so that's 20
exactly okay so we're going to
need 13
okay we're going to need 13 for the
small gear and we're going to need that
means we we have seven for the Top
Gear I guess we could do I guess that's
fine I guess we could use 15 and five
because which gives us 12 for the Hub
if we're going to use a
three
thickness okay so now we just need to
make sure that height is correct we need
to change the height
oh wait but I didn't
actually wait what is
this this came with some random ass
geometry we're just shifting this thing
around but we need this to
be well we want it to be in the center
we want it to be in the center for
sure all right I don't really want to
deal with that to be
honest
uh but what do we need to do
then okay we're going to
make oh and and then we need to make
this small because look at these
mounting holes we're going to
be oh that's fine I guess that's
fine I thought it was closer than it
okay okay so yeah so the first thing we
need to do is we need to
get that height to a nice
number yeah we can just increase the
clearance there that's where we're going
to take it
from so this
clearance we want to
add
Plus 3.86
okay so it's higher off the ground which
is fine but now we have 60
mm to play around
with we have 60 by
so let may just draw that out so here
mm
now this is the cross shaft it goes
along this is the
bearing
okay and then down here
that's the motor
shaft actually goes kind of
across okay and then so the distance
between the center of this
shaft and the center of this um
bearing is 60 mm
okay all right so let's just make the
gears the hell am I waiting
for oh I could print this in two parts
actually wait can
I no I don't know if I can
I could have I had long screws but I
kind of don't want to do that I kind of
want to print it as one
part okay so what is my constraint is
that I have
oh right I need the root diameter to
be right the root
diameter wait no the root diameter is
not
[Music]
the yeah the root diameter and the depth
of the Hub are
separate but
the so I wonder why did anel's
why did he make f it
five mention and I will give this a
dimension of 5 mm plus a little bit of
play and 10 mm plus a little bit of play
and these are the height and the
distance between Flats of an M6 nut next
I hit X for construction geometry and L
for line and from the origin I will drag
a horizontal line with a distance of 5
mm and finally what I'll do is I will
select this line of this rectangle and I
will select this point holding down
control and then to those two objects I
apply the midpoint constraint and then I
can finish the sketch I now
hit okay so we need the root diameter to
be at least
10 and then the depth of an
M4
okay so yeah so let's try to make
a a new
gear whatever
um and we need that root diameter be at
least
12 then so the number uh so six teeth
can we do
that oh wait this needs to be five oh
this need to be three is that what you
said three
yeah
16th
6th the that's the pitch
diameter but if the pitch diameter
is that then we kind of only have like
10 or even
eight
millimet and I just don't know if that's
enough to prevent slippage so let's
maybe make this if this is 10
have a 20 and that means that we have 40
left over that's only a 2 to1 gear
ratio yeah that's not looking good to be
honest I don't love
that but six just doesn't give us us
enough what about eight we try to eek
out
any but then we need the sum to be
H
crap
12 is this
48 cre try that in M3 cuz I really want
torque I don't
really I this is a tiny gear CU like if
we activate this and draw a circle for
the
root what is the
um seven
that's brutal man because that means
that for just for the shaft this thing
is going to break even the 100% infill
this thing is going to snap there's just
no way we are going to get
anything oh but well you know what we
should do can I try this again with a
different root fillet radius cuz look at
that weird ass
geometry where's the
fillet it's probably
oh I don't know where I can change the
parameter for the
fillet oh it's
this oh
what yeah no thanks I'm good
yeah so
um damn there's just not that much
space could we try to increase it by 10
more or something like that just make it
really
tall I don't know does that do something
even weirder Maybe
if we got it from 60 to 70 what could we
do where the pitch diameter or pitch
radius sum is 70
mm yeah calculate highest gear ratio
pair and teeth count where the pitch
radi sum is 70 mm and the root diameter
of the
smallest what did I say did I say we
have 4 + 4 and then the clearance of two
okay it's the
smallest the smaller gear is at least 10
[Music]
mm oh wait I forgot to say
wait that's not bad at
all but I I this math looks sus
that doesn't sum up to 150
though I want it to mesh perfectly I
don't the other gears worked out so
well okay let's bump it up to
80 cuz 80 was what it was before so that
would be cool if we could just do two
four to
ones okay so let
me do this I'm going to make
this so this needs to be
right okay yeah so um we need to make we
need to make
this
120 okay it's kind of a big lever
here but now this gives us oh [__] oh
wait oh yeah we forgot
this needs to be
what is it called pitch height or
something pitch axis height no pitch
Wall
height
okay nice okay so what about so wait so
now we could probably just reuse the
same gears right or is this not that
this is 15 and
65 so that's 30
plus that's 160 oh okay that's 160 not
80 so we need to kind of scale this down
if we did
10 and 40 what about 10 and
40 wait no no 10 and 30 3 to one that's
not bad
3 to one is
uh I don't know 3 to one is probably not
enough that thing is so
weak it's like crazy
weak whatever I I say we send it cuz we
got to get this thing on on the road we
got to test this [__] so
um okay
where the hell is
it okay
let's do this
thing yeah so we have plenty of room
actually so here's what we're going to
do we're going to draw a sketch on here
let's
uh let's revert position and then let's
just disable all of this
crap okay so first we have
5.4 then we
have and to make this thinner we
probably want to make this go all the
way through this thing anyways but then
we have
this and we want to make that tangent
right we want to maximize that so that
we have as much room as possible so make
this tangent so first thing we're going
to do is we're going to extrude this and
cut it through so whatever I could have
done it but who cares okay then we want
to go back to the sketch select this and
extrude this by how much did we
say we want 15 so we get 12 is that a is
is
that cuz we have
20 yeah so let's do what did I say
okay now we need it now the fun begins
so now we
um make this line and this is going to
be
four and then we want a rectangle this
might not be
enough let's see
three
[__] let's make this uh let's make this
uh let's make this three that's really
close
though okay I'm down with
that and then this needs to be 3.2 and
then okay so
uh what are the dimensions of the hex
nut that has a Flats distance of
three oh wait sorry
no no no idiot oh my
God what what am I even talking about
I'm saying if the
hexnut has a thickness or or
depth of 3
mm what is the Flat's
distance the thickness of death is me
just stand up um
okay so maybe I just need to go get my
nuts and measure I go measure my
nuts because I need to see what I
actually
have okay I'll be right back I'm going
to get the
calers
e
e e
oh sh I left the
M3 I left the M3 and the M4 nuts damn it
okay hold
on e
the thing is with the smaller ones they
actually make the pitch real small so
these are actually pretty thin
in so we might get away
with okay so this is definitely the
m4s and we can verify that because the
flats
distance is seven what's the
id
three that doesn't sound right
though
what M series X nut has flat distance of
seven
okay so the thi the thickness is
3.2 okay these are like 2.8 or these are
like
three so
um okay so 7.2
okay so this is going to be 3.2 and
7.2 and then this and this are
midpoint wow that's
close this is really that small
this is a sus sus
thing but we're going to go with it so
now we need to extrude this oh but the
freaking height of it so this needs to
fit how does this
work the
depth well we could just make the depth
10 it doesn't actually matter because we
have
the okay now I want to draw a sketch on
this
face what the [__]
I can't see where okay there it is so
now we need to make this so this is for
an M4 so we need to make this
4.2 we need to take this and
this extr
H extrude it both ways two sides then
this is going this is going to
be to
here and then we're just going to do a
plus
one oh
right wait but 10 hold on
it's only like 7.7 so let's make it
eight let's drop it down by let's drop
it down by
nine okay so we can still do this
though what is
this oh oh I get it this needs to be
3.1 okay but then what is that cavity
okay yeah that's fine we just need to
change this
Extrusion to be
F and why are we making it so deep I
feel like there's no way that this nut
is even this
deep okay but whatever so now we want to
draw another sketch on
here I hate that you stop giving me
normal I sometimes want normal this time
I don't want normal because I can't see
anything okay and we need a
polygon there it is we do this
this
midpoint let me take
uh this profile this profile extrude
it to
there yeah I feel like there's no way
this needs to be that deep but whatever
let's
um can I see the
origin okay I want to
mirror the last three things I
did and then I want this
plane wrong
plane This
Plane okay nice so that was good
pray to God that this thing actually
works wait didn't I say
M4 oh
yeah
okay I want to decrease this thing by
one more cuz I feel like there's no
way well let's see I put this in there
put the shaft
in oh God this [__] is
so crazy
um okay all right so let's just say this
is done we can do a joint but we uh what
do I
yeah we all right let's just do the
joint but I want
to I want to know how I did the joints
with the stepper mode
this is between what bodies though how
can I see
that okay that's with okay yeah so that
needs to be with the shaft right okay so
that makes
sense so you take the top of this thing
okay so let's turn
on this stepper
motor and then let's turn off the origin
here because that's disgusting then what
is this oh yeah okay let's turn that
off so let's
join
this oh wait wait wait no no no we want
we want that to
there then we want to flip it then we
want to move this in
by however much it takes to get to the
fer which is 17
oh wait but there's nothing to stop it
because it's so
small we can't make it
longer I wonder if we could cap it maybe
some weird capping thing we because you
need to align it needs to be aligned
damn there's so many complications when
you do stuff like
this
um who you know what we could
do let's do this but then when we go
back
to
this the
Extrusion here we just need to oh wait
not this
Extrusion bro what am why am I so
stupid okay this
Extrusion we're going
to undo this
one okay turn off this sepper
motor and look at this sketch we're
going to extrude this but it's only
going to be minus three or
so oh but we
need okay but then we need a circle on
here of
5.4 and then that
we'll go all the way
through wait what just
happened where are the warnings
oh wait oh God that sucks
wait
but why didn't we get those
extrusions
bro okay so that's just the one up there
oh wait did
we oh I guess we
did okay cool
all right do we have any more warnings
though no all right sweet surgery
complete that was pretty
nice
okay oh wait but you know what
not that Extrusion but the
Extrusion oh there's a missing thing
there what is
that oh no is that green or is that
yellow that looks yellow to
me
whatever okay let's look at it from this
side s trying to
find is it that no this is
a probably this
Extrusion almost positive it's this
Extrusion minus 9 let's do minus
8 okay that gives us a lot that that
makes me way more confident that we can
actually get a bolt in there and not
have it collide with the
teeth okay so now it's time we are
almost ready
so we need to edit this
thing and we know what the gear needs to
be so
H oh come on
I I should just redesign this whole
phone holder thing I've been using this
for the past whatever and it's just so
bad
okay let me
think e
okay
um let's
see all right I think yeah I think I'm
just going to try
it
um with a combine and then try to delete
the thing again oh I don't I don't want
this I don't want this I want to open it
up for real
okay see yeah that's the
problem okay but it's
fine what do we want to do here let's
just delete both of these or wait no
let's just delete the
Extrusion and then edit the sketch so
okay so we have that that's great um we
want to make this like
20 it's kind of
awkward I mean it could be 20 cut out
right like it could
be see is that that
point I mean there's no reason why you
can't just extrude
this and then what do we have left we
have
let's see the distance between here is
five right so we only get to extrude
that by
two what am I looking at
here five yeah because we want the gear
to be okay that's fine
okay we're going to need to add the
holes so wait let's edit the sketch
again so these are
1.5 okay they
are horizontal with this
oh okay then there's a line
that's wait where's that
midpoint can't move that [__] okay oh
that's great
um and then this line is actually a
construction line can I still move this
I can right so I want the distance from
here to here to be
no oh 7.5 I
guess okay then we want to mirror this
okay so then we'll fix that Extrusion so
let's finish the
sketch then we edit the
Extrusion we want to deselect this guy
and we want to
deselect this
guy and
now we also want to cuz this is a new
this is the same body so we're going to
take this and we're going to take this
we're going to extrude it
[Music]
through to
here okay wait
but I probably should have done this
with a joint and then a combine after
the spur gear because well whatever we
can
do
whatever okay let's make this gear
though so this gear
should
be we know what it needs to be it needs
to be two this needs to
be
30 this needs to be 0.1 this need to be
0.5 this needs to be three and this
needs to be
zero okay that is the
gear
so why don't we just do it in here
and then we're going to Joint it to the
center of this thing I don't know if we
can do
that point too move or something like
that we'll try it so but I don't want a
new component that's the thing I just
want the body so maybe I could try to
move the
body 2
30.1 five 3 0
so okay now right exactly so this
thing it's kind of annoying we're just
going to move the body into
here then we're going to delete this
thing because we don't care about it
uh
what dude why am I
lagging well I'm literally freaking
lagging literally I'm [__]
lagging okay now we just need to rotate
this bad
boy wait let's do free now we want to
rotate this
thing
[__] okay whatever let's do this and
then let's do another Point too move
because I [__] this
up dude what is going
on
for e
dude
what okay yeah I
uh
she okay what whatever we know what it
is
okay cool all right now we're back to
being
fast so now the distance between here
and here is
four
okay this doesn't look right though
though why does this look so
small okay whatever let's just combine
these two
already new component
join
okay this needs to be 7.8
and it needs to be extruded
by 22
mm okay let's save this thing and then
we're going to try to update it and
hopefully they mesh I mean this
is
unlikely yeah what the hell
man was I tripping the whole time
okay first off these things aren't even
aligned oh you know what because we
actually have an extra 3
mm okay so let's go
back to yoke where was that what was
this
so this actually needs to be three more
this needs to be
five so that's great that's good for
me see so the distance between here and
here is now eight okay so let's save
that we're getting there well getting
there
can I update
[Music]
components yeah yes you
can okay what is the distance between
this
point and this point H that's not what I
wanted no
yeah that point and this
point 80 mm perfect so
then oh
wait maybe we
do oh but it's so annoying to edit gears
oh God
bro it's so annoying to edit gears it's
actually like way more worth it if
you because what is the dimension
there right oh that's
brutal we have to really do this over
again I should have gotten it right for
the first
time because we do have 80 we can use
the exact same gear why don't we just
copy those components well I can't copy
this one but I can copy this one
let's try that can I disable a
component is remove
D I
see oh that's so useful I didn't know
about that
wait 90 no that's not right we
need
80 40 plus
wait 160
not wait no that is 160
that's 30 plus yeah we need to use
that
okay so I'm going to just try to
copy paste
new and then the only thing that we
really need to change is the depth and
sizing here so maybe I should should I
redo it or should I parametrically
modify it oh
wait okay
whatever so yeah so we just need to
change this Extrusion and these widths
to be smaller
that's kind of cool that I worked out to
be the
same
e e
Okay so
that's the problem with once you start
getting into bigger and bigger designs
like keeping it all parametric ends up
getting really freaking
tough so what do we need to edit about
this we need
to we just need to change okay let's
edit this and it it it will actually be
fine we just need to okay we have this
okay this is all I wish I could collapse
all that
but this the
hole that
okay this Extrusion now this you need to
edit
this hello where okay yes so
let's oh not move not move not
move hide all that
stuff oh it's on the top okay so we want
to make
this
3.2 oh wait
um wait it's just a depth issue if we're
using
the m5s which we
are I'm wondering if we could actually
fit it in a more
compact what's the flat
distance because now that we have that
extra 5 mm from misund you know from
miscalculating the thickness
requirements of this whole
assembly we might be able to actually do
just normal like use the same okay so
this is nine so that means that we only
have to go down 12
this is nine maybe a little bit more 9.1
or
something okay so what if that's totally
fine God the move so
annoying okay so it's going to be it's
just one Extrusion that we really need
to do it's
this so oh well no it's okay wait it's
this Extrusion which is
16 and we want to make it 12 12 + 5 but
we're going to make that three we just
need to change that let's see can we
change
this is it this that's five oh wait okay
we need to change two extrusions we need
to change this Extrusion to be three
then we need to change this Extrusion to
be
three okay can I turn off the other
gears okay
um okay so now we have three now we need
to change this Extrusion to be
like 12 that was 9 so 12
12 okay now the hole is probably too far
down so we need to
change this Extrusion to
be oh
wait maybe
we maybe we
[Music]
well it doesn't
actually okay so wait so wait so wait
let's um this Extrusion is going to be
14 so now we have wait now we
have uh wait if that's 14 plus plus
three that's 17 then we have three for
the Extrusion on the other side so uh so
why
not that sounds good to
me okay so now the hole is still a
little close
there so what was it it was this
Extrusion which is minus1
that's good that's good we don't
care okay so then that's all we needed
to do is we need to adjust the height so
then I'm going to actually delete
this and let's turn on the pitch motor
holder which I don't know where the hell
that where is that
wait where is
everything wait why is everything
hidden what the hell
happened where's all my stuff
dude what I'm tweaking
bro where the hell did everything
go let just
undo why is it
hidden am I like
dude no I
don't bro I'm scared
bro let's go back to where we pasted new
wait is it only because of the
component no what is going on
I really have no idea what just
happened
okay okay okay I'm saving here as a
milestone about to build the new the
pitch gears okay
so that was crazy bro I don't know why
everything was
hidden okay
bro that that was hectic that was hectic
got my blood pumping and [__] okay so
we're going to copy this and we're going
to paste
new
okay now I'm just going to
disable all this
stuff can I do
this
great that's so annoying okay so now we
want to activate this guy and all we
need to do is we need to change this
Extrusion to be
three this Extrusion to be
three this we're keeping the same or no
we're changing it by two we're making it
14 okay and then that's it
right maybe we want to move this up by a
slight amount what's the distance
between this point and this
1.4
1.4 is that
enough hopefully that's enough cuz I
don't really want to mess with this too
much so now we want to reenable the
second steper
motor I want to remove this I want to
make it a I want to remove
it okay then I want the pitch motor
holder and now I want to join this thing
up there
so okay so let's do a
join this guy is going to go onto this
guy
and then we need to move this one back
to this
wall 17 oh
perfect that's so freaking
nice okay so now we want we want the
yokk in
here and then I
believe we just need to edit the yolk to
remove this stupid gear where did we
even get this gear
where did that gear even oh yeah I know
what
happened so let's just go back I just
want to delete all this stuff from the
history
actually okay so we're
here shift s spur
gear we want to make this two we want to
make the number of teeth 65
right
okay and then we might as
well make a whole diameter of 7 point no
no no no no we don't we want a zero okay
it's a big
gear so now we want to just take the
body or you know what I I think we could
just do it the other way around I don't
I don't think it matters so let's hide
this I'm going to join this thing oh no
do I want to join it or do I want to
move it I want to join
it okay so that's good now we want to
combine this and oh wait Target body and
then tool
body okay so now there's only one body
and this has no bodies in it
okay then we just want to draw a sketch
on
here and can we get this center point is
this it and this is going to
be uh
7.8 with an extrusion of of
oh
okay that seems right that seems really
right hopefully that's not then this big
ass gear is going to be in the frame of
the camera that's kind of cringe dude
this is why you need like a I don't know
whatever
let's
update please mesh please mesh okay
right oh wait okay we just need to
change that Extrusion to be three
instead of five I
think so it's this
Extrusion so this just needs to be three
is it going to recompute it will
recompute
properly okay
sick dude I am getting good at this
[__] now we just need to uh the gear the
gears are freaking meshing bro and
there's a little bit of play there which
is nice
oh my God this is so
sick why is everything oh no okay I
thought that weird thing happened to me
again where all of my stuff
disappeared all right this is the whole
assembly this is badass dude this is
really freaking
cool okay
hell
yeah hell yeah
brother hell yes
brother we have done
it
um this is so cool
let's see how far is my print into okay
wait
um hell
yes I can't believe I built this thing
from scratch today in CAD I'm getting so
good at
this oh and you know know
what
well well it doesn't matter but we don't
have to do that weird thing anymore
where the this thing is too small for
that thing okay so that means that we
have a four gear ratio on both of these
so we're upgrading this thing by 4X more
than 4X
heck yeah
[Music]
bro it only
took six hours not
bad e
okay let's see how far into this print
are
we I would like to show on stream just
printing out all the components because
I feel like that's so satisfying
okay we can chill for that that amount
of
time when I started learning Fusion I
was like no way am I going to get a
timeline that's this
crazy but I have done
it this millimeter of play here is not
great we could
honestly well especially because this
thing isn't centered which is like kind
of doodo
this thing is huge
man way too big oh and I forgot the
notch I forgot the notch on the
bottom I should add that
back okay let's edit the top the bottom
plate and um let's see what is
home yeah let's do it on the
back so we want to do a construct
tangent
plane oops
okay we're going to just draw
a
rectangle wait can I project this
okay first we're going to do this this
midpoint
this
10 and then this needs to be probably
10 okay then we just need to extrude
this um
this
way I'll just use the Dremel tool to cut
something out of it
yeah this going to be really annoying
that there's going to be a gear in every
single
fixture that's so [__]
annoying oh my
God
whatever oh
you know what we also
forgot in the
Yoke I want
to I actually want to
take this
and this and extrude them
all the way
whoa yeah there you go minus
three oh but you know what I haven't
even thought about how am I going to
print this
thing it might make sense to actually
just screw the gear in
the gear and the Hub
maybe damn I I didn't think about that
this is not going to go well you can't
print this what the hell am I
thinking um okay so yeah this is like
the stupidest thing ever we need to
[__] okay so we need to go back we need
to delete some of the history go
back then my question is uh let's see
what is the distance cuz I don't know
how long those self-tapping screws are I
also don't know how many of those I have
this is eight those are probably about 8
mm you don't really want to use I don't
really want to use a bolt I want
something
skinny okay so where do we need to go
back to we need to go back to before the
combine we can do the joint let's go
back to the
Joint so let's go back back back back
right here okay so let's do that then we
want to draw a sketch on
here and we want to turn this off we
want to
project these two things and then we
also need to
yeah that's fine so we're going to
project this then on here we're also
going to draw let's see can we get the
center
7.8 so
first
these need to be
cut wait what happened to my
thing oh I selected the wrong profile or
something oh no that's
fine okay so we have
this oh but you know what we want to
make this eight so let's edit this
sketch to be uh
eight okay but then
on this body
we need to
sketch yes we need to sketch
7.8 and we need to extrude
this uh more than 22 right it's going to
be
25 I believe so because
then the
distance from here to
here
uh this is
28 yeah that seems about
right okay and then it's just held
together with two screws I don't know if
that's going to be strong
enough uh but yeah so um don't combine
the gear
and ho and
yoke yeah that that that was totally
stupid okay now we need to set up the
motion
links so this turns
right
no oh
I want to play this revolute joint
this is should be joined why can't I see
this oh
wait
okay that's joined to the shaft which
spins oh maybe I misid this can I find
where that is
component yeah that's
right okay so if I
revolute
one oh maybe it's this joint maybe for
some
reason yeah that's exactly right you
definitely want that
but
then oh wait you know what I can
do I can go
into
stepper joints revolute and I could say
play but that doesn't
drive that doesn't drive my gear I don't
know why that doesn't drive my gear
because
in in
here let's turn off the bottom
plate I can spin
this and I'm pretty
sure that thing moves with it
right if I try to turn yeah I can turn
this
so this is between the spur gear and the
D
shaft okay so here
spur gear and D
shaft okay and then this
one motor and bottom plate
that all seems right so I'm very
confused what is preventing this thing
from oh it is moving why is it moving
now
so then why can't I drag this
thing is it a grounding issue maybe
something weird like that
oh yeah can
we unground
this wait let's look at the
other the other stepper is the
wait no this the
same and it's literally a copy I don't
get why
oh there you go animate joint
relationships okay so then this thing
so between so let's turn
off let's turn off the Yoke oh wait no
let's oh wait we can just do it here
okay
so we need a shift J of this component
and
wait between this the
uh the
uh the hold
on the
Yoke
and the bearing here and it's a revolute
joint
snap oh wait I I did this wrong it needs
to be
the
bearing and the
Yoke and the snap point is
this uh no we did it wrong again wait I
think we just want to change the snap
point to be that
no me change this first we select the
Yoke then we select the bearing now the
snap point is going to be this
okay that's
right so if we go so let's say
okay so now we should be able
to [__]
I hate that sometimes you just can't do
anything until you exit out of that
um yeah what if I change the snap point
no none of that [__] is
moving select select two components and
position a joint between them
okay let's undo this
joint let's turn out wait um
oh wait did I do a rigid
joint I think I
Oh I thought I did like a weird like I
thought I got like
what is this where is
this right okay yeah it's this right oh
it's there it
is so so what was that
thing the top plate and the bottom plate
so let's try to do it with the um let's
try to do it not with the bearing let's
just try to not do it with the
bear so disable this
bearing and then we're going to
do oh I also did as built joint didn't
I I don't see why that wouldn't work
well let's just do normal joint I I
don't really know so
this thing and then this
thing why didn't that
work the phone holder is the phone
holder
like grounded in some weird
way
no h
I don't think I did an as built
[Music]
joint
e e
let's see how the hell am I going to get
this thing to
work but let's click the edit button we
never I never do that
okay wait so what are the joints there's
this
joint right oh I I actually like that
rigid thing I used to think that was
gross
but is that with the bearing what what
is
that oh
so let's do it with
the oh wait you know what it's probably
this no but wait we want
put the okay I figured it out I think um
when you need the yolk where the hell is
the
Yol what the
[__] why don't I just delete it
can I swap them I thought the order
matters see the in there the balls are
moving but I don't want
that wait if I click okay
does this thing
move oh
what think I want to undo that
okay this is a joint between what this
is a joint
between the pitch bearing holder and the
ball
bearing which it is rigid that's
true okay but now we want let's try to
add another
joint so wait yeah we ignored that one
let's add a joint between
this
and the
bearing okay wait we need to flip it
around yes but we want a Revol oh yeah
there we go baby
I don't know why I can't drag it but I
should be able to do this uh whatever I
should be able to
do uh oh what's wrong oh [__] okay wait
I need to edit that
joint H it's so annoying that you can't
edit it while this [__] animation is
playing
this needs to go to here minus
one oh
wait to
here no what I don't
know
Z
7 6
5 oh no that's so annoying
okay so it should be like
4.5 well we can figure this out just
based on doing this and doing
this the minimum distance is one oh but
that's the yeah okay fine so let's do
3.5 do one
[Music]
more
okay it's kind of annoying but what the
hell oh yeah we need to do this
okay so now we just need our motion link
bro
now we just need our motion
link we
want and how do how do you do it let me
cancel this and look at how I did it
because I forgot
already edit feature but what did I
click
on
I oh I clicked on this
revolute and the other revolute yeah
that's
right okay so we want to so wait isn't
there a revolute joint in
here oh there it is okay so motion
link this revolute
[Music]
and this this revolute
okay now we want to look at it from the
left we want to disable
this okay then it's going to be the same
thing where I forget which is which this
is the bigger
one so that
means times
65 over
15 what why the hell is that
wrong okay it's red but I think it's
just red for no
reason hell
yeah that's what I'm talking about baby
lowkey kind of freaking goated at this
thing baby look at all those
joints we don't have a stopper really we
don't
that is a little bit of an issue we
don't have something to pre I mean
friction realistically is going to do it
but
yeah okay so I'm going to go okay so
this is what did we do we uh motion
links all right so this is probably done
successful print I'll go get that and
then we can try to print out the rest of
it
e
e e
all right
so here is the bottom
plate you can maybe see I don't know
these things didn't come out that well
which I kind of expected but
[Music]
um I don't know what we're going to do
about
this I should be able to make it
work
um so let's just print the rest of it
we're going to save all of the uh parts
and everything
um okay so we have the bottom plate we
need the spur gear so okay let's let's
go through and rename all this stuff so
this
is uh so let's just start from the
top
rename there's no rename
what okay I I don't know why I can't
rename that thing this is going to
be 15 to y' or whatever I don't even
care I don't even care
let's just export this save as
mesh V2 this is going to
be y because there are differences so we
do need to keep track of
that and I'll be able to tell by the
height of
it okay this is going to
be save as
match y oh
y okay then the pitch motor holder yeah
we need
that that is
self-explanatory pitch bearing hold
that's also self-explanatory
what you can't save this thing as
mesh
what why can you only save a top level
component as a mesh that makes no sense
at
all broken bro
okay and
then all right so let's
see we need
this this this and how many the this
needs overhangs
so I wish I could just disable by body
okay well if that's the case I'm just
going to ignore this and do a
no wait what is this y oh yeah
okay if you think you can do it that way
that's
great oh and it needs another one for
that
okay and then we need the bolts and
everything I think I'm just going to use
real bolts I don't think this thing has
M6 though
yeah M5 is the highest this goes so
maybe maybe I'll steal the bolts from
the old
assembly
okay 3 hours
okay all right it's kind of taking a
risk but not really all right that's it
for
today built rebuilt the whole thing from
scrap scch pretty
much feel like this is pretty successful